	Name	main_news	tagged_news
0	GOOGL	"Google Changes Its Ad Program to Try to Solve the Mobile Ad Riddle: Google made the biggest change to its AdWords program in years, forcing advertisers onto mobile devices and raising protests from some digital ad companies."	
3	GOOGL	Lost in Translation? Try a Google App: Google’s Translate app proves its worth on a trip to China. But knowing your way around it in advance is a good idea.	
7	GOOGL	"Google Will Offer Its Glasses to Select Few: Google will make Glass, its augmented reality glasses, available to people who apply, are chosen and willing to pay $1,500 to try them."	
8	GOOGL	"Google Searches for Style: As Google and other companies begin to build wearable technology devices, an industry not known for its fashion sense faces a new challenge."	Tip of the Week: Search the Text on a Web Page: Most browsers include tools that help you quickly search and locate specific keywords and phrases within a Web page.
10	GOOGL	Q&A: Recommending Web Pages With the Google +1 Button: Google’s “+1_ button is another way of expressing public admiration for a Web page.	
12	GOOGL	"The Original Search Engine: In the days before Google, the New York Public Library hand clipped hundreds of thousands of photos and illustrations to create over 12,000 different files for its Picture Collection."	
13	GOOGL	"What Is the Point of Google’s Chromebook Pixel?: Google’s latest offering, the Chromebook Pixel, is just a bit baffling."	
14	GOOGL	"German Copyright Law Targets Google Links: A bill broadening protections for news publishers was approved by German lawmakers, but critics said the measure did not go far enough."	
17	GOOGL	Q&A: Checking a Web Site’s Security: Google Chrome and other browsers can warn you if something does not seem right with a Web site’s security credentials.	
18	GOOGL	"In Upgrade, Google Adds to Model for Mobile Marketing: Google is bringing three new brands to its digital advertising initiative, an attempt to get marketers to think of technology as their best asset."	
20	GOOGL	"NELL Is a Computer That Reads the Web – With a Little Human Help: The Never-Ending Language Learner is a computer that reads the Web and seeks to understand the meaning of words and phrases in context. The project at Carnegie Mellon University, funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and Google, ..."	"Algorithms Get a Human Hand in Steering Web: Computer algorithms are capable of trading stocks, arranging dates and winning “Jeopardy.” But increasingly, behind the curtain, there is a human helper."
21	GOOGL	"Google Concedes That Drive-By Prying Violated Privacy: In agreeing to settle a case brought by 38 states over the Street View mapping project, the company for the first time is required to aggressively police its own workers on privacy issues."	"France Proposes New Rules for Internet Equal Access: The government called for a law requiring Internet service providers to give all traffic on their networks equal priority, saying existing rules were insufficient."
22	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google Concedes That Drive-by Prying Violated Privacy: Google acknowledged on Tuesday that it had violated people’s privacy during its Street View mapping project when it casually scooped up passwords, e-mails and other personal information from unsuspecting computer users."	
23	GOOGL	"The End of Google Reader Sends Internet Into an Uproar: After Google announced that it will be shutting down Google Reader on July 1, unhappy customers turned to the Internet to protest the closing."	
24	GOOGL	Pushing the Boundaries of the Workplace: Google’s East Coast headquarters is an unorthodox workplace with lavish perks that is meant to encourage creativity.	"Pictures From the Week in Business: Mary Jo White drew closer to taking over the Securities and Exchange Commission; European leaders recommitted to austerity measures; and Anna Wintour, longtime editor of Vogue, took on a new role at Condé Nast."
25	GOOGL	"Google Executive to Visit Myanmar: Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Google, plans to visit Myanmar, one of the last unexploited territory for businesses in Asia."	"The Search Engine, for Better or for Worse: There is no reason to consider the Internet immune to destructive uses."
26	GOOGL	"Q&A: Logging Out of Gmail From Another Computer: Even if you forget to log out of Gmail from one computer, you can log out of your account on that machine from another computer."	
27	GOOGL	Google Hosts Narendra Modi at Tech Summit: The Gujarat chief minister is expected to offer tips on using the Internet in politics.	
28	GOOGL	"Executives Press European Antitrust Chief on Google: In a letter, the heads of 11 Web businesses in Europe asked Joaquin Almunia to compel Google to change its business practices so that smaller rivals are not unfairly harmed."	Wheelies: The ‘Top 10’ List Edition: Graham Rahal of the Rahal Letterman Lanigan racing team takes a turn presenting the Top 10 List on “The Late Show.”
29	GOOGL	"Q&A: Changing Chrome’s Default Search Engine: You can change the Chrome browser’s default search engine from Google to Bing, Yahoo or another search site of your choosing."	
32	GOOGL	"Fleeting Thoughts, Captured by Pixels: Introducing the note pad Google Keep, a combination Web site and app for Android phones. Wait, that sounds like Evernote."	Q&A: Adding Subtitles to Videos: On-screen captions and subtitles can be added to videos with tools from YouTube or with movie-editng software.
33	GOOGL	"If Children Had Google Glass: If you had Google Glass, what would your children do with it?"	
35	GOOGL	Google Faces More Inquiries in Europe Over Privacy Policy: European regulators accused the company of being unclear about its use of personal data across different services.	A NASA Hangout on Rising Seas and Global Warming: A chat with NASA experts on rising seas in a warming world.
36	GOOGL	"In Search, Google Still Leads: Google still holds by far the largest share of traditional search engine traffic."	Tip of the Week: Keeping Web Browsers in Sync: Several popular browsers can keep open Web pages in sync across computers and mobile devices.
37	GOOGL	"As Web Search Goes Mobile, Competitors Chip at Google’s Lead: Though Google is the undisputed king of search, alternative services are chipping into its share of the market."	"How to Get Rich From the Eastward Tilt: The next Steve Jobs may well be living in a place like Pakistan, Turkey or Nigeria, thanks to a surge in entrepreneurship that is a response to the peril and promise of a globalized economy."
38	GOOGL	"Q&A: Cleaning Up Outdated Gmail Contacts: If Gmail keeps suggesting outdated addresses when you address a new message, it may be time to clean up your Gmail contacts list."	Engineering Serendipity: Companies that depend on innovation are redesigning work spaces to encourage a certain kind of accident: the human collision.
39	GOOGL	"In Europe, New Protest Over Google: European antitrust officials have received a formal complaint from Google’s rivals about its Android mobile operating system."	
40	GOOGL	"World’s Tech Companies Look to Brussels to Resolve Antitrust Complaints: As the European competition chief appears near the end of settlement talks with Google over its search business, he must decide whether to take up a new complaint about its mobile business."	
41	GOOGL	Subway on Way? Maps Tell You: Google Maps has added information on public transportation in several cities.	
44	GOOGL	Europeans Reach Deal With Google on Searches: Google has for the first time agreed to legally binding changes to its search results after an antitrust investigation by European regulators.	
45	GOOGL	"Google Emulates Apple in Restricting Apps for Glass: In a departure from previous products like Android, Google has set extensive limits on the apps developed for its Internet-connected glasses."	
47	GOOGL	"Google, Soothing Investors, Plays Up Its Innovations: Analysts pointed to Google’s mobile business as a weakness because consumers are rapidly shifting from computer use to mobile devices."	"Tip of the Week: Sending Huge E-Mail Attachments: Thanks to a combination of Web-mail and cloud-storage services, sending large files as attachments is easier these days."
49	GOOGL	"Germany Fines Google Over Data Collection: The 145,000-euro levy, the equivalent of about $189,000, was called woefully inadequate to assure compliance by a company with $10.7 billion in 2012 profit."	India Considers Banning Pornography as Reported Sexual Assault Rises: The Supreme Court is considering a petition that would make even watching pornographic material a non-bailable offense.
50	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Europe’s Biggest Privacy Fine Is Pocket Change to Google: German regulators fined Google $189,225, a tiny fraction of its $10.7 billion profit last year, for violating privacy laws with its Street View project, Claire Cain Miller reports in The New York Times."	Q&A: Linking a Samsung Tablet to a TV: Samsung’s Galaxy Tab 2 tablets need extra equipment to play video on a television screen.
52	GOOGL	Europe Nears Antitrust Deal With Google Over Web Searches: The European Commission said it had begun “market testing” intended to determine whether the proposed remedies address complaints that Google favors its own products in search results.	
53	GOOGL	"Google Search Terms Can Predict Stock Market, Study Finds: A new study found that by tracking certain search terms in Google Trends, researchers could predict whether the Dow Jones industrial average would rise or fall the following week."	
54	GOOGL	"TimesTalks | ‘New Digital Age’: Preview: Google’s Eric Schmidt and Jared Cohen speak with The Times’s David Carr about their book, which examines the impact of technology on society in the future."	‘The New Digital Age’: Power Laws: Part 11: Schmidt and Cohen discuss the core scarcity of attention on the web and the challenges content creators face in finding an audience.
56	GOOGL	A Google Duo and a Media Maven Explore a Hyper-Connected Planet: A brisk chat between Googlers and a media maven about the emerging Knowosphere.	
57	GOOGL	Lending Web Site Gains a Shareholder in Google: Lending Club plans to announce that Google led a $125 million deal to buy a stake in the company from existing investors.	Corporate Jet Center Exposes Silicon Valley’s Class Divide: A technology boom that once created middle-class jobs and lifted the overall economy now fuels a growing gap between the very rich and everyone else.
58	GOOGL	"Shine Starts to Wear Off a Little for Google Glass: Let the backlash begin for Google Glass amid privacy concerns and a fear by the mainstream that the new, high-tech glasses are just too geeky."	
59	GOOGL	"Europe Rules Against Patent Move by Google’s Motorola Unit: The European Union on Monday made a preliminary antitrust finding against Motorola Mobility, saying it had abused its dominance in wireless patents by seeking an injunction against Apple in Germany."	YouTube Is Said to Plan a Subscription Option: The Web site was expected this week to announce a plan to let some video makers convert fans into paying customers.
60	GOOGL	"How to Tell Google Now to Stop Peeking: The Google Now app anticipates what information you might want and puts it on your phone screen before you ask for it, which can seem wonderfully prescient or intrusively creepy, but there is an easy adjustment if you don’t like the feeling that G..."	Exploring Environmental Issues and Communication With Students in Japan: High school students in Japan discuss journalism and the environment with a blogger in New York.
61	GOOGL	Google’s Aggregator Gives Way to an Heir: Google Reader is scheduled to end July 1. And Feedly.com is just the newsreader to replace it.	
64	GOOGL	"Google’s Offer to Europe: The company’s proposal is a good start, but policy makers must remain watchful so Google does not abuse its power and limit competition."	
65	GOOGL	"Google Expected to Start a Competitor to Spotify: The service is expected to be announced as early as Wednesday, and reflects agreements the company has made with the three major music labels."	
66	GOOGL	"Photos Take the Spotlight in Updates to Google’s Social Network: Google is using its expertise in algorithms to offer users better social sharing tools through its Google Plus network. The company’s software will now select the best photos and fix their flaws, offer more links to topics mentioned in posts by me..."	"Drones Take Off in Silicon Valley: Even before American skies are open to commercially operated drones, a drone start-up called Airware plans to announce Wednesday that it has raised $10.7 million in a financing round led by the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz."
67	GOOGL	"Google Escalates the Competition in Map Services: The new service creates real-time, personalized maps and incorporates 3-dimensional images from inside businesses and from Google Earth."	Faster Broadband Speeds: The View From the F.C.C.: The chairman of the Federal Communications Commission describes its efforts to promote broadband.
68	GOOGL	Lawmakers Show Concerns About Google’s New Glasses: Members of a Congressional caucus want Google to explain how it will protect privacy with the introduction of Google Glass.	
72	GOOGL	"Tax Protest in Britain Focuses on Google: A group of drama students is organizing a Google Free Day on Friday, highlighting what they say is the minimal share of its revenue that the search giant pays in taxes, as well as the increasing dependence on its service."	Dot Chat: From Energy Campaigners to Solar Finance Entrepreneurs: An online conversation with a young energy activist turned solar entrepreneur.
73	GOOGL	"Is Google Glass Dangerous?: Technology like Google Glass and Siri may be hands-free, but it still demands your attention."	"Yahoo’s Design Chief to Depart: Though the company’s Web page redesigns have received negative reviews, Tim Parsey, senior vice president of user experience design, said his work was done."
74	GOOGL	"Europe Warns Google It Could Face Further Concessions: Joaquín Almunia, the European Union competition commissioner, said that Google could still face formal charges for violating European competition law."	
75	GOOGL	"How to Help Google Plus Help Your Photos: In the long list of improvements rolled out during Google’s developer conference last week were many improvements to its photo editing and sharing tools. To get the most out of your photos on Google Plus, here is what you need to know."	
76	GOOGL	"Motorola Plans to Make Smartphone in Texas: The handset maker, owned by Google, says its next phone, called the Moto X, will be manufactured at an old Nokia plant near Fort Worth that will be reopened by August."	
77	GOOGL	"Big Question for Wearable Computing: Is It Ready for Consumers?: While Apple and Google agree that the future of computers will be wearable, they disagree about which kind of computers people will actually want to wear."	"Speak More Chinese, Ambassador Tells Thais: As China’s middle and upper classes grow, they are traveling abroad in fast-growing numbers and encountering other cultures, often for the first time. Comments by China’s ambassador to Thailand on the theme inspired some lively discussion of the i..."
78	GOOGL	"Google’s Washington Insider: Susan Molinari, a brassy, well-connected New York Republican who served seven years in the House, now works to broaden Google’s support beyond Silicon Valley Democrats."	
79	GOOGL	"A Feature Film, Starring Google: In “The Internship,” a comedy movie starring Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson as Google interns, Google’s products and perks make cameo appearances and some lines sound as if they were written by the marketing department."	"Q&A: Backing Up Photos in the Cloud: Those photos taken with your smartphone could be gone forever if you lose the phone or it breaks, but you can back them up online without having to physically sync with a computer."
81	GOOGL	"Laurel and Hardy in Google’s Toyland: In “The Internship,” set in a mock-up of Google’s headquarters, Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson play analog guys thrust into a digital world."	Tip of the Week: Blog More Efficiently on Tumblr: Sharing content on the blogging platform Tumblr is being made easier by a collection of Tumblr’s own tips and tricks as well as third-party browser add-ons.
82	GOOGL	"Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson Arrive in Silicon Valley: When the stars of the comedy “The Internship” arrived at Google to shoot the movie, they were forced to adjust to some quirks of Silicon Valley culture."	"Daily Report: U.S. Confirms That It Gathers Online Data: The government has acknowledged collecting information from Internet companies about foreigners overseas in search of national security threats, Charlie Savage, Edward Wyatt and Peter Baker report in The New York Times."
83	GOOGL	"Google Close to Acquiring Waze, a Rival in Maps: The search giant, already a powerhouse in maps, is negotiating to buy the largely Israeli company for more than $1 billion, people familiar with the discussions say. Waze, which relies on GPS tracking and traffic reports from its users, would give..."	Aiming to Simplify the Landlord-Tenant Relationship: A new Web site helps create a cozier relationship between landlord and tenant.
84	GOOGL	"Google Expands Its Boundaries, Buying Waze for $1 Billion: After weeks of talks Google completed a deal to buy the Israeli social mapping start-up, which uses a combination of GPS tracking and contributions from its users about road conditions to help drivers navigate. Waze will remain a separate service ..."	3 Tech Giants Want to Reveal Data Requests: The technology companies asked the government for permission to reveal details about the classified requests they get for the personal information of foreign users.
85	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google, Facebook and Microsoft Ask to Reveal U.S. Data Requests: The technology companies asked the government for permission to reveal details about the classified requests they get for the personal information of foreign users, Claire Cain Miller reports in The New York Times."	"Tip of the Week: Force Yourself to Stop Wasting Time: If you can’t help wandering onto your favorite time-wasting sites during the work day, you can get free or inexpensive software to keep you more focused."
88	GOOGL	"More Google Maps for Bikes: Google Maps has expanded its bike route directions to seven additional countries in Europe, including France, Germany, and Poland."	
89	GOOGL	Google Asks Secret Court for Permission to Publish National Security Request Data: Google escalated its pressure on the government to permit it to publish more detailed data about the requests it receives for the information of foreign users.	"More Data on Privacy, but Picture Is No Clearer: Apple joined the list of companies that have disclosed information about government surveillance, but many questions remain unanswered."
90	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google Acquisition of Waze May Draw More U.S. Attention: Google may have pushed the boundaries of the law in its Waze deal, but the question is whether the government will push back, Steven M. Davidoff writes in The New York Times."	
91	GOOGL	"In Head-Hunting, Big Data May Not Be Such a Big Deal: Laszlo Bock, senior vice president of people operations at Google, says some data is essentially worthless in assessing job candidates: G.P.A.’s, for instance, and test scores."	Handicapping the Half-Life of ‘Big Data’: The technologies of Big Data are advancing across the economy. But what is the likely longevity of the term itself?
94	GOOGL	Fact Finder to European Court Backs Google in a Spanish Privacy Battle : An expert opinion requested by the Court of Justice said that a wish to eliminate embarrassing information is not sufficient reason to make Google remove public records from search results.	"Betaworks Unveils Its Highly Anticipated Digg RSS Reader: Betaworks, a technology incubator in New York, unveiled its latest product, a suite of sleek RSS readers for the Web and mobile devices."
95	GOOGL	"F.T.C. Tells Search Engines to Label Advertising as Such: The Federal Trade Commission told Google, Bing and Yahoo among others to clarify what sort of material is coming up in search results."	"There’s a Nice Jaguar Parked Across From the House That Appeared in ‘Mad Men’: Film crews often use real places as backdrops, and sometimes, real live people find the real live places, which have real live cars parked across the street."
98	GOOGL	Appeals Court’s Ruling Helps Google in Book-Scanning Lawsuit: The court says that a federal judge was too quick to allow authors to sue Google as a class.	"AltaVista. What’s That?: AltaVista, once the most advanced and comprehensive search engine on the Web, is about to close its URL forever."
102	GOOGL	"Q&A: Avoiding Mobile Malware: Google’s Android system, the dominant mobile operating system, tends to have more problems with malicious software. But common sense can help avert them."	
103	GOOGL	"Q&A: Setting Up Gmail Securely: Google’s two-step verification feature can help make your Gmail account more secure, but you may need to do a little extra work when setting up a new mail program to send and receive Gmail messages."	"Wheelies: The Connecticut Coverage Edition: Tesla Motors adds another Supercharger station to its East Coast network, and Fiat edges closer to owning Chrysler outright."
104	GOOGL	"A Better Google Maps App for Apple and Android Devices: New features include greater speed, better place and traffic information and offline maps."	"Q&A: Connecting Camera to Computer: Some digital cameras come with a lot of software, but depending on your computer and the photo programs you already use, you may not need to install any of it."
106	GOOGL	"Google Executives Discuss YouTube, the Phone Business and Taxes: Unlike the usual practice of staying mum at the annual Allen & Company media and technology conference in Idaho, Google executives used a news conference to promote their business."	
108	GOOGL	"Google Said to Weigh Supplying TV Channels: The company has begun talks with major media companies about licensing TV channels, according to people with knowledge of the meetings."	
109	GOOGL	"In European Antitrust Fight, Google Needs to Appease Competitors: The European Commission said that Google’s proposal for addressing antitrust concerns did not go far enough and that the company would need to come up with a better plan."	"The Pros and Cons of a Surveillance Society: As we prepare to enter a world of wearable, camera-equipped computers, do we want to live under a system that might ensure justice for all, yet privacy for none?"
110	GOOGL	"Google Results Show Struggle With Mobile: The second-quarter income announcement showed the desktop search business continued to slow, while ad prices fell."	
114	GOOGL	"Today’s Scuttlebot: Chromecast and Painting With Windows ’95: The New York Times’s staff scours the Web for important and peculiar items. Wednesday’s selections include Google’s new streaming device, Chromecast, and a 97-year-old man who uses an 18-year-old version of Windows to create art."	"If You Can’t Hide From Big Brother, Adapt: Democracies find light occasionally irksome, generally bracing and mostly healthy."
115	GOOGL	"Google Debuts an Updated Nexus 7 Tablet: The Nexus 7, Google’s less expensive rival to the iPad Mini, is lighter and faster than the original and was introduced a day after Apple reported declining iPad sales."	
117	GOOGL	"Verifying Gmail on the Road: If you do not have access to your cellphone for Gmail’s verification process, there is an option to print out a set of codes."	
118	GOOGL	"Apps That Know What You Want, Before You Do: Technology companies are rushing into predictive search, developing apps like Google Now that process digital clues to anticipate what users want to know."	
119	GOOGL	"Chromecast, Simply and Cheaply, Flings Web Video to TVs: Using Wi-Fi, the Google Chromecast makes Internet material watchable on a television for $35. Repeat, $35."	
120	GOOGL	"With Moto X, Google Enters a Crowded Marketplace: The search giant, which has stumbled in its forays into the hardware market, says its high-end Moto X smartphone has innovative voice controls."	
121	GOOGL	"Daily Report: A Google-Built Smartphone Enters a Crowded Field: After lackluster results selling devices made by other companies, Google is giving hardware another try — this time with a smartphone made by a company it owns."	
123	GOOGL	"The Moto X From Google, iPhone’s Latest Challenger: Google’s own Android phone offers five features that no phone has offered before, including a touchless mode."	
126	GOOGL	Dr. Google Will See You Now: What do our Google searches tell us about depression?	
127	GOOGL	"Ways to Watch Live TV on a Laptop or Tablet: Also, how to spot phony text messages warning of a compromised Gmail account."	
130	GOOGL	Why a Twitter I.P.O. Should Go Dutch: The modified Dutch auction that was used by Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin in its initial public offering successfully mitigated some of the hype Facebook couldn’t.	
131	GOOGL	"Trying to Make Google Glass Fashionable: Google Glass is being featured in a 12-page spread in Vogue’s September fashion issue. But that might not change the reality: while people who own Google Glass love the glasses for their technological prowess, they feel incredibly self-conscious w..."	
133	GOOGL	"David J. Galullo: Mr. Galullo is the chief executive of Rapt Studios, a company based in San Francisco that designs corporate interiors for clients like Adobe, Google and the North Face."	
134	GOOGL	The Voice-Off: Android vs. Siri: Is speech recognition better on smartphones running Google’s operating system or Apple’s? That depends on how it’s used.	Facebook Leads an Effort to Lower Barriers to Internet Access: The social media giant is set to unveil a coalition of tech companies working to improve data transmission in the developing world.
135	GOOGL	"Yahoo Surpasses Google in Web Traffic, Somehow: For the first time since 2011, Yahoo had more unique visitors in a month than any other Web property, but why that happened remains unclear."	
136	GOOGL	Women at Google Looking Past the Glass Ceiling: Pioneering women behind Google Glass are trying to bridge the gap between the worlds of high fashion and high tech.	
139	GOOGL	"U.S. Government Issues Warning About Security on Android Phones: Google’s Android is the most widely used mobile software system in the world, and as a result it is becoming an increasingly big target for makers of malicious software, similar to Microsoft’s Windows. The American government has issued a warning ..."	"In Advent of the Smartwatch, a Name That’s Been There Before: The digital watch market, long dominated by Casio’s G-Shock line, is undergoing a transformation with a wave of innovative, multifunction gadgets."
140	GOOGL	"Chinese Smartphone Maker Hires Google Executive: Xiaomi, which outsells Apple smartphones in China, hired Hugo Barra from Google, where he was vice president for the Android mobile operating system."	
142	GOOGL	"Microsoft-Nokia Could Woo Buyers Trading Up to Smartphones: Microsoft could help Nokia keep customers who are transitioning from lower-end feature phones, rather than let them escape to an Apple iPhone or Google Android ecosystem."	Thorny Side Effects in Silicon Valley Tactic to Keep Control: Adopting a dual-class stock structure may be bad not only for technology companies but also for their founders.
145	GOOGL	"Google Introduces New Desktop Apps: Google’s new type of app gives it a path onto its competitors’ operating systems, an acknowledgment that people are not yet ready to live entirely online."	
146	GOOGL	"Tech Companies Escalate Pressure on Government to Publish National Security Request Data: On Monday, Yahoo and Facebook filed suit in a secret court to ask for permission to publish data on the national security requests they receive, and Google and Microsoft amended the suits they had already filed."	"The Cloud Era Begins for Enterprise Tech: This was the summer that old enterprise computing started to go away, and new players are already emerging to be corporations’ most trusted partners, using a variety of strategies."
147	GOOGL	Opinion in Google Street View Privacy Case: A federal appeals court rejected Google’s bid to dismiss a lawsuit accusing it of violating a federal wiretap law when it collected data for its Street View program.	"Apple Is Challenged to Innovate Its Flagship: Nick Bilton, technology columnist for The New York Times, examined some of the implications of the updates and changes coming to the iPhone line."
148	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Privacy Suit Against Google Will Continue: In a major legal setback for Google, a federal appeals court said on Tuesday that a lawsuit accusing the Internet giant of illegal wiretapping could proceed."	"Intel’s Extensive Makeover: In a low-key way, the world’s largest maker of semiconductors just bid goodbye to the world of PCs and servers, and made a real bid for the cloud. In an exclusive interview, Intel’s president talks about Intel’s cultural transformation, which incl..."
151	GOOGL	"Exporting an iPhoto Library to Aperture: How to move photos from iPhoto to Aperture, and how to update a Google Calendar invitation."	"Box Adds Document Writing to Its Cloud: Box, the online storage service, has announced it is getting into the content-creation business. The first product is a stripped-down, word-processing program. If you miss the bells and whistles of Microsoft Word, you may also be missing the new a..."
152	GOOGL	"Google Buys Bump, Maker of Apps for Sharing Photos and Files: Bump, which struggled to find its footing, provides Google with mobile and photo-sharing expertise."	
153	GOOGL	"Tech Titans Form Biotechnology Company: Calico, a new start-up focusing on aging and illness, is run by Arthur D. Levinson, the former chief executive of Genentech, and financed by Google."	
159	GOOGL	"Google Alters Search to Handle More Complex Queries: Google made one of the biggest-ever changes in its search engine, as part of a shift away from matching keywords on Web pages to understanding the meaning of search queries."	
162	GOOGL	"Facebook Now Allows Users to Search Timelines: Facebook said people can now search “status updates, photo captions, check-ins and comments” from both their own timelines and those of their friends, as the company continues to target Google and other search outlets."	
163	GOOGL	Claims That Google Violates Gmail User Privacy: A federal judge last week refused to dismiss most of a lawsuit against Google over accusations that it improperly scanned the contents of e-mails in order to target ads.	
170	GOOGL	"Google to Sell Users’ Endorsements: A change in its terms of service would let Google include users’ names, photos and comments in ads across the Web."	
171	GOOGL	"How to Opt Out of Google’s Plan to Use Your Name and Comments in Ads: Google said it made it easy for users to opt out of its new plan for using their personal information in social ads, but some readers found the opt-out process to be confusing."	
172	GOOGL	"Tech Rivals Lay Down Arms for Youth Coding: Amazon, Microsoft, Apple and Google are encouraging schools, parents and teachers to introduce students to programming during Computer Science Education Week, which runs Dec. 9 to 15."	
174	GOOGL	"Google Tops Estimates, but Prices of Ads Slide: Google impressed investors, but people’s changing behavior on mobile phones and even on desktops threatens the company’s main business."	"In China’s Campaign Against Bloggers, a Burst of Rumor-Mongering: The author of a piece that maligned a popular Chinese microblogger is himself now coming under attack for his online activities."
175	GOOGL	"Google Stock Tops $1,000, Highlighting a Tech Divide: The shares closed up by a record 14 percent in another reminder that a handful of companies have taken control of the technology industry."	
176	GOOGL	"Rules Shielding Online Data From N.S.A. and Other Prying Eyes Advance in Europe: The regulations, if approved, could require American companies like Google and Yahoo to seek clearance before complying with United States warrants seeking private data."	"Sorting Out the New Yahoo Mail: Users have reported problems with Yahoo’s new e-mail format, but it should still be possible to sort contacts by first name."
179	GOOGL	"In a Major Departure, Google Shows Banner Ads in Search Results: As Google’s search advertising business faces new challenges, it is experimenting with banner ads in search results, despite past promises to users that it would never show such ads."	
180	GOOGL	Editing Microsoft Word Files on an Android Tablet: Google Play has several apps for working with Microsoft Word files on Android tablets.	LinkedIn’s New Mobile App Called ‘a Dream for Attackers’: LinkedIn’s new mobile app has been panned by security researchers who fear it could be a tool for hackers or government snoops.
181	GOOGL	E.U. Weighs Google’s Offer to Highlight Its Rivals’ Services: Competitors are unhappy with the search giant’s latest submission to resolve a long-running antitrust case with the European authorities.	
182	GOOGL	"Business Owners Weigh Their (Often Frustrating) Software Options: While Google offers some solutions, one owner said, she sees drawbacks: “Google keeps changing things and their privacy stuff really concerns me.”"	
183	GOOGL	"Google Plus Aims to Become a Photo Storage and Editing Hub: Google is trying to compete with companies like Apple, Facebook and Dropbox by turning Google Plus into a service for photographers both casual and professional."	
184	GOOGL	"Google Announces New Phone and Updates Operating System: In an announcement at the company’s San Francisco headquarters Thursday, Google showed off an updated version of its latest mobile operating system, and a new larger smartphone called the Nexus 5."	
185	GOOGL	"Pushing Their Buttons: A journalist goes behind the bitter rivalry between Apple and Google, and how it’s reshaping the way we think about technology."	"Angry Over U.S. Surveillance, Tech Giants Bolster Defenses: What began as a public relations predicament for American technology companies has evolved into a moral crisis that threatens the foundation of their businesses."
187	GOOGL	"Helpouts From Google Connects People With Experts Over Live Video: Acknowledging that its search engine cannot answer everybody’s questions, particularly in the age of social networking, Google introduced Helpouts, for live, one-on-one video chats with experts."	"Turning On iTunes Menus: Windows 8 makes the iTunes menu bar optional, but a user can easily call it up."
188	GOOGL	Google Is Ordered to Block Images in Privacy Case: The Internet company said it would appeal a French court’s ruling that it strip from its search results nine images of the former European racing chief Max Mosley.	Protecting Data Privacy: The Electronic Privacy Information Center is concerned about the security of cloud computing.
189	GOOGL	Details Emerge of Potential Google Monitor in Europe: The outlines of the job offer a window into what Google faces if it agrees to the latest settlement offer from the European Commission in the long-running antitrust case against the company.	
192	GOOGL	"Google Glass Will Expand Its Features Into Music: Glass can now be used to search for songs, scan through saved playlists and listen to music in high fidelity."	
193	GOOGL	"Motorola to Offer Moto G Smartphone Aimed at Emerging Markets: The company, now owned by Google, will begin selling a $180 smartphone called the Moto G in markets like Brazil, Chile and Peru, where the appeal of a low-cost device should be high."	
194	GOOGL	"Google Employees Speak Out About Government Spying: The Google lawyer who oversees national security requests testified before Congress Wednesday, while in an unofficial capacity, Google security engineers lambasted the government for surveillance."	"Getting Up to Speed With an Apple TV, and Ditching Android Widgets: For its latest set-top box, Apple recommends an Internet connection of at least 2.5 megabits per second. Plus, how to shed the “Recommended for You” notification on Android."
195	GOOGL	Daily Report: Google’s Scanning of Books for Search Upheld by Court: A judge dismissed a lawsuit by the Authors Guild that claimed making books searchable was a violation of copyright laws.	
197	GOOGL	Google to Pay $17 Million to Settle Privacy Case: The case involved Google’s bypassing of privacy settings in Apple’s Safari browser to use cookies to track users and show them ads.	Update for a Global Medical App: HTH Worldwide’s mPassport application has been updated to include more translations of drug names and medical terms.
202	GOOGL	Daily Report: N.S.A. May Have Tapped Internet Cable Links: The National Security Agency may have been able to eavesdrop on Google and Yahoo users by infiltrating a weak spot in the Internet giants’ security: the fiber-optic cables that connect data centers around the world.	Printing From an Android Tablet: There are several options to help you print documents from your Nexus tablet. And making the web appear bigger in your browser is a breeze.
206	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google Enters Fray of Corporate Cloud Services: The company, after years of evasive answers about its plans for the cloud, will announce rates and features for a wide-ranging computing offering for businesses."	
207	GOOGL	Times Minute: Dec. 04 at 6 a.m.: Google gets robots; an unlikely Arab singer; and the world's smelliest fruit.	
208	GOOGL	"Homejoy Raises $38 Million in New Round: Homejoy, a year-old start-up that connects customers with pre-screened cleaners, said on Thursday that it had raised new capital from investors that included Google Ventures, Redpoint Ventures and the entrepreneur Max Levchin."	"Daily Report: Internet Giants Push to Improve Secrecy: After surveillance by the National Security Agency, major Internet companies like Microsoft and Yahoo are competing to show users how well their data is protected from prying eyes."
210	GOOGL	"Tech Giants Issue Call for Limits on Government Surveillance of Users: Eight major companies, led by Google and Microsoft, are calling for tighter controls on surveillance of their customers’ data by governments worldwide."	
212	GOOGL	"Google’s Road Map to Global Domination: In the battle for digital dominance, victory depends on being the first to map every last place on the globe. It’s as hard as it sounds."	
213	GOOGL	"Google Executives Got Discounts From Government on Fuel for Private Aircraft: Google executives paid below market rates for fuel purchased from the Defense Department for their nine private aircraft, a report from NASA’s inspector general says."	Facebook to Join S.&P. 500: Facebook stock jumped close to 4 percent in after-hours trading on news that it would join the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index at the end of next week.
215	GOOGL	"Behind the Cover Story: Adam Fisher on Google’s Map of the World: A Q. and A. with the writer of our cover story, who went on a Google Street View expedition."	Creating Experiences to Sell Gadgets: Many consumer electronic companies are taking Apple’s cue in establishing their own retail stores that serve as emporiums of cool.
216	GOOGL	"Fewer Gmail Users Are Opening Retailers’ Messages This Shopping Season: Changes to Gmail are challenging e-commerce marketers this holiday shopping season, by cloaking information about who opens retailers’ emails and driving down the number of people who open them in the first place."	
218	GOOGL	"Government Requests to Remove Online Material Increase at Google: Data from Google’s transparency report shows a rise in government requests to remove online material, often from officials trying to expunge critical information about themselves, including some in the United States."	
219	GOOGL	"Google Back in Europe’s Antitrust Sights: The European Union’s competition commissioner had agreed in October to a tentative resolution of antitrust concerns, but says now the concessions “are not acceptable.”"	
222	GOOGL	"Google Penalizes Rap Genius for Gaming Search Rank: The site rapgenius.com, which offers annotated song lyrics, acknowledged that it had violated Google’s rules regarding optimizing search results."	
232	GOOGL	Gmail Plans to Allow Google Plus Users to Send Anyone an Email: A change to Gmail that would allow people to use Google Plus to send emails even if they do not know the recipient’s email address provoked criticism from people who said they did not want their inboxes accessible by default.	Tech Companies and White House Discuss Surveillance Reform: The gathering was part of a series of White House meetings before the president proposes reforms to national security surveillance.
233	GOOGL	"For Google, a Toehold Into Goods for a Home: The $3.2 billion deal for Nest Labs, which is led by former Apple engineers, will expand the technology giant’s portfolio of consumer goods."	"Printing the Windows 8 Calendar: The Windows 8 Calendar app takes a little extra work to print because it cannot do so from the Devices charm, which allows users to quickly send information to other devices."
234	GOOGL	"Google Effect Stirs Several Stocks: A day after Google’s $3.2 billion deal for Nest Labs, the share prices of several companies with related technologies surged."	
235	GOOGL	"A Case of Mistaken Identity Sends a Worthless Stock Soaring: After Google announced it was buying Nest Labs on Monday, shares jumped for a stock with the ticker symbol NEST — a different, and defunct, company."	"HarperCollins to Publish New Novels by James Frey: Mr. Frey, whose 2003 memoir was excoriated for embellishing the truth, will write three novels in a series that will include other written and digital material."
238	GOOGL	"Search for the ‘Next Big Thing’ Yields Soaring Valuations: Everyone wins in technology deals like Google’s $3.2 billion purchase of Nest Labs, at least until the bubble bursts, the Deal Professor writes."	Activists Accuse Tech Community of Throwing San Francisco Under the Bus: The fight over where the tech buses should load passengers is likely to flare up again Tuesday as San Francisco transit officials struggle to find a solution.
240	GOOGL	"Google Tools for Globetrotters: Here’s a guide to some of the search giant’s products that could help travelers, from Glass to Voice Search to Gmail Offline."	
241	GOOGL	"Google Pushes Back Against Data Localization: Though Microsoft allows customers to choose to store their data outside the United States, Google has warned against data localization and said it would be nearly impossible to carry out."	"The Source | Aaron Koblin in Conversation With Doug Aitken: In our latest installment of this exclusive series of interviews by Doug Aitken, the artist interviews the digital media and visualization artist Aaron Koblin."
242	GOOGL	Google and Samsung Sign Broad Cross-Licensing Agreement: The pact bolsters ties between the two main powers behind the global dominance of the Android operating system for smartphones.	"U.S. Relaxes Some Data Disclosure Rules: The Obama administration will allow Internet companies to talk more specifically about when they are forced to turn over customer data to the government, the Justice Department said."
243	GOOGL	"Did Big Internet Companies Handicap Start-Ups in FISA Rule Changes?: A small but significant caveat, in a new agreement brokered between the Obama administration and Google, Facebook, Yahoo and Microsoft could cast a long shadow over America’s technology start-ups."	"Daily Report: U.S. Eases Some Rules on Data Disclosure: The Obama administration will allow Internet companies to talk more specifically about when they are forced to turn over customer data to government agents, the Justice Department said Monday."
244	GOOGL	Did Google Really Lose on Its Original Motorola Deal?: Breaking down the admittedly messy math for the original Motorola deal shows that Google didn’t exactly lose nearly $10 billion on that transaction.	
245	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Cutting Losses, Google to Sell Motorola Unit: The deal is not a total financial loss for Google, which retains patents worth billions of dollars, but it is a sign of the fits and starts the company is experiencing as it navigates business in the mobile age."	"Lenovo’s Merger Spree Challenges Investors’ Faith: Lenovo’s recently announced acquisitions of two unprofitable businesses show some strategic logic, but shareholders have little way of working out whether the deals stack up, Ethan Bilby and Peter Thal Larsen write in Reuters Breakingviews."
246	GOOGL	"Google’s Stock Split Comes as Shares Hit Record Highs: Remember when Google announced plans to split its stock, creating a third class of shares? Now the company’s board has finally cleared the way for the stock division."	
247	GOOGL	"Tech Companies Offer Update on Government Data Requests: Facebook, Google, Microsoft, LinkedIn, Yahoo and Apple have released information pertaining to the number of government data requests the companies receive for people who use these services."	"Building a Better Battery: As tech companies focus on small, wearable devices, they have encountered an obstacle: Battery technology is largely stuck in the 20th century."
248	GOOGL	Lenovo Shares Tumble in Wake of Company’s Deal Spree: Tuesday was the stock’s first full day of trading since Lenovo announced it would buy Motorola Mobility from Google for $2.9 billion last week. The deal came a week after it agreed to acquire IBM’s low-end server business for $2.3 billion.	
249	GOOGL	"How Google Glass and Netflix Will Fill the Air: Cisco Systems’ annual study says mobile broadband use stands to grow 11-fold in the next five years. That may be a low estimate; Cisco also found that Google Glass is a tremendous consumer of online data. So is binge viewing, which is becoming mor..."	
250	GOOGL	"Picking a Flavor of Linux: Plus, opting out of Google Plus auto backup."	
252	GOOGL	"A Screaming Comes Across the Sky: Google vs. the Counterforce: In little more than a decade, Google has become essential and omnipresent. Now the question is whether people will start to resent and oppose it."	"Sorting iPad Apps by Name: A method to sort apps alphabetically, and how to edit the Facebook “Look Back” greatest-hits movies."
253	GOOGL	"Did Anyone Look at That Ad?: Google and comScore, two leaders in online advertising, announce a partnership to help web advertisers figure out in real time who is looking at their ads."	
256	GOOGL	"Microsoft’s Stakes in the Battle for Handsets: Trying to ensure the survival of Windows in a mobile universe, Microsoft enters a complex struggle, while Google abandons a money-losing handset unit."	"A Huge Solar Plant Opens, Facing Doubts About Its Future: The Ivanpah solar power plant in California is the largest and first electric generator of its kind. It could also be the last."
258	GOOGL	"The Loyal Users of Google Plus Say It Is No Ghost Town: Some people who use Google Plus say it is a thriving social network, useful for photography, video chats, in-depth online conversations and meeting new people who have similar interests."	"Pushing Back Against Government Surveillance: When the Beijing lawyer Xie Yanyi asked his government to tell him about its spying on citizens, he got a no-reply answer. But the problem is worldwide and needs to be solved worldwide, he said."
259	GOOGL	"Google Fiber, Ultrahigh-Speed Internet, May Expand to 34 New Cities: Google is asking 34 cities to pave the way for Fiber without guaranteeing it will install it, a change in approach as the Internet giant grapples with real-world challenges like tearing up roads."	
261	GOOGL	"Google, Riding Off Into the Sunset: There is so much hype around new technologies, it is difficult to distinguish between what might exist real soon and what will only be real eventually or never. Case in point: the driverless car."	
262	GOOGL	"Lessons From Google, in School and at Work: Responses to a column by Thomas L. Friedman, “How to Get a Job at Google.”"	
264	GOOGL	"Google Pays for the Ride: Google, under fire in San Francisco for not giving back, gave back Thursday, with $6.8 million to fund a city transit program that provides monthly bus and streetcar passes to 31,000 low-income youths."	"Federal Court Orders YouTube to Take Down Controversial Anti-Islam Video: The “Innocence of Muslims” video on YouTube set off a fierce debate over free speech in 2012, but a federal court ruling on Wednesday was about an entirely different legal issue: copyright."
269	GOOGL	"Colluding Against Programmers: A class action lawsuit against employers in Silicon Valley, including Apple and Google, has lifted the curtain on secret, anti-competitive deals."	
270	GOOGL	"Streaming Home Movies Online: Plus, making Google Now, the virtual personal assistant, a little less personal."	
273	GOOGL	"Credit Karma, a Credit Score Service, Raises $85 Million: The nearly seven-year-old start-up on Wednesday announced a third round of fund-raising, led by Google through an investment arm that specializes in late-stage technology companies."	"Supporting Start-Ups With Connections, Advice and Caffeine: The 1 Million Cups program is run by entrepreneurs, and local chapters are springing up across the country."
274	GOOGL	"Renaissance Learning Is Sold to Hellman & Friedman for $1.1 Billion: The education analysis company Renaissance Learning has announced that it has been sold to the private equity firm Hellman & Friedman for $1.1 billion. Google Capital, which invested in the company last month, will stay on board."	"Weakened by Mobile, Desktop Search Advertising Is Declining: The desktop search advertising business, long the most reliably profitable on the web, will decrease $1.4 billion this year, according to eMarketer, while mobile search revenue will nearly double."
276	GOOGL	"Google’s Legal Chief Joins K.K.R.’s Board: The private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts has attracted David C. Drummond, one of Silicon Valley’s top legal executives, to its board of directors."	"Beware China Internet infatuation: China Internet names like Alibaba and Sina Weibo are exploding onto the U.S. stage, but Breakingviews' Peter Thal Larsen warns enthusiasm shouldn't blind investors to the risks they carry."
277	GOOGL	"Google Unveils Software for Smartwatches-to-Be: In a pre-emptive move against Apple, Google revealed Android Wear, a version of the Android operating system that is tailored for wearable computers."	"Daily Report: Airlines Use Wearables to Get More Personal: At a time when many airline “innovations” — like charging extra for an aisle seat or cutting back on frequent flier benefits — might anger more than amaze, carriers like Virgin Atlantic and Qantas are using wearable devices and other technology to..."
280	GOOGL	"Why Android Wear Is the Beginning of the Wearable Devices Era: Every hardware platform needs software to be successful. By giving manufacturers a known operating system to work with, Google’s Android Wear will jump-start the wearables industry, says Molly Wood."	"Justice Department Names New Leader for Criminal Division: David O’Neil, a longtime Justice Department official, will assume the role of acting assistant attorney general on Monday, overseeing some major investigations into Wall Street and corporate misdeeds."
282	GOOGL	"Biggest Eyewear Company Signs On With Google Glass: Luxottica Group, owner of brands like Ray-Ban, Oakley and manager of retail chains like LensCrafters and Sunglass Hut, will design, produce and sell frames for Google Glass, the wearable computer."	"Choosing a Tablet Computer: Plus, adjusting the font size on the Chrome browser."
283	GOOGL	"Google Revamps Election Portal to Encourage Indians to Vote: The portal features Google Hangouts with prominent Indian politicians, during which users can submit questions, and ranks the politicians by how often they come up on Google Search, Google Plus and YouTube."	
284	GOOGL	"Government Data Requests Fall at Yahoo But Rise at Google: Government officials in the United States and overseas made fewer requests for the private data of Yahoo users in the second half of 2013, but such requests continued to rise at Google, the companies said on Thursday."	
285	GOOGL	"Google Flu Trends: The Limits of Big Data: Two recent research papers, examining Google Flu Trends, offer a critique of big-data analysis."	"Smartphones, the Disappointing Miracle: People from Earth’s most remote corners have something in common: They all download apps, interacting with the mobile Internet billions of times a day, and they all feel frustration at slow loads and app crashes. A new report shows how much work i..."
286	GOOGL	"Apple’s War on Samsung Has Google in Crossfire: Apple is seeking about $2 billion in damages from Samsung, which in turn says Apple violated its patents, but the case could also have major implications for Google."	"Hollywood’s Antipiracy Efforts Add New Voice: Ruth Vitale, an independent film executive, was recently named executive director of CreativeFuture, a new force in the copyright wars."
287	GOOGL	"Tech Titans Are Vying to Be Your Pocketbook: Companies like Google, Amazon, PayPal and Apple are looking for the route to dominance over future alternatives, both real-world and virtual, to cash and credit cards."	
288	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Old Rivalry Aired Again in Patent Case Between Apple and Samsung: Apple’s suit against Samsung can be seen as a reprisal of an earlier lawsuit between the two companies, only this time with Google as a shadow third presence."	"For the Tech-Savvy With a Need for Speed, a Limited Choice of Towns With Fiber: The United States is 14th globally when it comes to offering fiber connectivity. Municipalities that offer it are often small or rural."
292	GOOGL	"At Google, Bid to Put Its Glasses to Work: The technology giant will give more assistance to Glass users at businesses, where the wearable device has already found some acceptance."	Tech Firms May Find No-Poaching Pacts Costly: Employees of technology companies have filed a class-action lawsuit that contends that illegal hiring practices among their companies has cost them billions in lost wages.
295	GOOGL	"Google Glass Available to Anyone in U.S. — for One Day Only: Next week Google is running a one-day promotion that will allow anyone in the United States to buy a pair of Google Glass. But some think the price, $1,500, is still too high."	"Unlocking Android With a Glance: Plus, creating group photo albums on Facebook."
296	GOOGL	"With Purchase of Drone Maker, Google Sees a Fleet of Satellites: Following in Facebook’s footsteps, Google said Monday that it had purchased Titan Aerospace, the maker of high-altitude drone satellites, which will be used to take photos of the earth and to connect people to the Internet."	
298	GOOGL	"In Germany, Strong Words Over Google's Power: Mathias Döpfner, a leading publisher, lashed out a week after the Google chairman, Eric E. Schmidt, mounted a spirited defense of Google's practices."	"Organize Photos on Your Phone: Molly Wood tests three apps, including the new Carousel by Dropbox, that help you sort and share the overwhelming number of photos on your mobile device."
299	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google’s Results Disappoint as Ads Are Less Profitable: As Internet users migrate to mobile devices, Google earns less on its ads, and as the dominant player, the company is finding that growth opportunities are increasingly rare."	"Performance of Play in New York and Rwanda To Commemorate Genocide: The actor Jay O. Sanders is the author of “Unexplored Interior,” which will be performed on May 11."
302	GOOGL	"Windows Phone 8.1 Finally Catches Up to Its Rivals: With the addition of Cortana, Microsoft’s answer to Siri and Google Now, the mobile operating system can be considered an equal in most areas."	"IBM Opens Chip Architecture, in Strategy of Sharing and Self-Interest: The first server designs resulting from IBM’s decision to open up its Power chip technology are being announced on Wednesday."
303	GOOGL	Skills Sought by Google: Readers react to Thomas L. Friedman’s interview with the head of hiring at Google.	Daily Report: F.C.C. to Propose a Web Fast Lane: Planned new rules would allow an Internet provider to negotiate separately with content companies and charge them for priority service.
304	GOOGL	Reading Message Headers in Gmail: Plus rebooting a cable box and DVR.	"Amazon’s Shrinking Profit Sets Off a Seismic Shock to Its Shares: For a second quarter in a row, the Internet retailer’s stock fell sharply after its earnings report, suggesting that investors may be growing wary."
306	GOOGL	Europe’s Antitrust Chief Censures Google’s Motorola Mobility Over Key Patents: The ruling is the strongest statement yet by an antitrust authority against the use of vital patents for mobile digital devices to stymie rivals.	
311	GOOGL	Using Mac Notifications and Multi-Touch Gestures: Plus how to discontinue a Google Alert.	
314	GOOGL	What It Means When Google ‘Verifies’ an App: Plus deleting old Passbook cards on your iPhone.	
315	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Plaintiff in Silicon Valley Suit Asks Judge to Reject Proposed Deal: Michael Devine, one of four plaintiffs named in the class action against Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe, has asked the judge in the case to reject the settlement his own lawyers negotiated."	
316	GOOGL	"E.U. Court Rules in Google Privacy Case: The highest court in the European Union decided on Tuesday that Google must, in some cases, honor requests from its search engine users to delete links to personal information."	"When Driverless Cars Break the Law: Although legal issues connected to driverless cars have raised many questions, emotion may prove a greater obstacle to their acceptance."
317	GOOGL	A Trip in a Self-Driving Car Now Seems Routine: A test ride of the latest version of Google’s self-driving car could be best characterized as underwhelming. And that is not a bad thing.	
318	GOOGL	Don’t Force Google to ‘Forget’: But it does need to change how it searches for personal names.	"One Court Ruling on Privacy in Europe, and 28 Regulators: Europe’s highest court defended its citizens’ right to privacy. But it left unstated what the channels and particulars are."
319	GOOGL	European Court Lets People Influence Web Search Results: The European Court of Justice ruled that Google search results should comply with individual’s right to be forgotten.	
321	GOOGL	E.U. Antitrust Chief Casts Doubt on Google Deal Over Rivals’ Links: Joaquín Almunia said that he might yet file formal charges if his inquiry determines that more changes are needed in a case involving search results.	
322	GOOGL	"Google S.E.C. Filing Says It Wants Ads In Your Thermostat and Car: According to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Google wants to put advertisements on your thermostat, in your car and on your refrigerator."	Remember to Forget: Do you have to live with that goofy Instagram forever?
323	GOOGL	Countdown to 2014 World Cup: Day 21: Google has a trove of data (no surprise there) confirming that soccer is the most popular sport in the world when it comes to Internet searches.	
325	GOOGL	It’s Not as Simple as Asking to ‘Be Forgotten’ by Google: A European court’s ruling on the ability to erase links to negative information may not solve the issue of harm to a person’s reputation.	
326	GOOGL	"Google Releases Employee Data, Illustrating Tech’s Diversity Challenge: Google on Wednesday released statistics on the makeup of its work force, providing numbers that offer a stark glance at how Silicon Valley remains a white man’s world."	"State of the Internet: Still Growing but More Mobile Than Ever: Mary Meeker, an influential venture capitalist, analyzes the rapid growth of mobile devices, Internet video and China in her annual report on the state of the Internet industry."
327	GOOGL	"Police, Pedestrians and the Social Ballet of Merging: The Real Challenges for Self-Driving Cars: John J. Leonard, a veteran Massachusetts Institute of Technology roboticist, thinks that Google is trying to tackle tremendous challenges in its autonomous driving project."	
328	GOOGL	"Google Takes Steps to Comply With ‘Right to Be Forgotten’ Ruling: The company unveiled a way for Europeans to request the removal of links, but only from search results within Europe."	"Daily Report: Hurdles to Privacy on Web in Europe: A recent court ruling in Europe has accelerated requests that Internet search companies expunge individuals’ data. Once a contested item is online, however, the genie will not easily go back in the bottle."
329	GOOGL	Podcast: Google Glass Operation: Google’s new hands-free computer is finding its way into operating rooms.	
330	GOOGL	"Google Offers New Encryption Tool: On Tuesday, Google announced plans to provide a new way to encrypt information that will make government snooping and hacking more difficult."	"WWDC Dissected: A New Era for Apple, but an End for Some Apps: On the heels of Apple’s WWDC keynote presentation, New York Times tech columnists Molly Wood and Farhad Manjoo discuss the hits and misses in the big announcements."
335	GOOGL	"Google to Buy Skybox Imaging for $500 Million: Though Google will initially use Skybox’s satellite offerings to improve its mapping service, the technology giant will likely use its latest acquisition to help expand its Internet access services — joining balloons and drones."	"Silicon Valley Tries to Remake the Idea Machine: Hoping to invent the future, the tech industry is looking to recreate its past."
336	GOOGL	Google Streamlines Its Tools for Small Businesses: The company said that many of the tools included in Google Pages and Google Places were consolidated and simplified.	"With a Bit of Planning, Keep the Cloud With You Always — Even Offline: The key to using your cloud services without an Internet connection is preparation."
337	GOOGL	"Freshdesk Raises $31 Million for Customer Support Software: The financing round in the start-up, which offers cloud-based software on a subscription basis, is being led by Tiger Global Management and includes Google Capital and Accel Partners."	
341	GOOGL	"Google Ready to Comply With ‘Right to Be Forgotten’ Rules in Europe: By the end of June, a team, led by the search company’s legal department, will start removing web links in Europe for some users that have made online requests."	YouTube to Block Videos From Some Indie Labels: The move comes as the company plans to start up a new subscription service that will compete with streaming music services like Spotify and Beats.
342	GOOGL	"Canadian Judge Says Google Must Remove Links Worldwide: The temporary order, granted last Friday by the Supreme Court of British Columbia, emerged from protracted litigation between two companies that were once closely connected."	
345	GOOGL	"Google’s Nest Labs Joins Race to Define Platform for the Internet of Things: Nest Labs, the Google-owned maker of smart thermostats, will tap a venture capital fund to encourage developers to work with its software."	
346	GOOGL	"At Google I/O Conference, Protesters Inside and Out: Inside the Google I/O developer conference, people were cheering for Google. Outside, people were protesting against Google, accusing it of playing a role in housing problems and evictions in San Francisco."	
347	GOOGL	"Google’s Grand Plans: A Conversation With Larry Page and Sundar Pichai: The two Google executives discuss the spread of Android, recent acquisitions and the notion of having a “right to be forgotten” online."	
348	GOOGL	"What to Do When Twitter Locks You Out: Plus, using Google Play gift cards for online purchases."	"Detroit’s Troubles: A Mosaic Says What Words Can’t: Today, an interactive graphic accompanied a front-page article about home foreclosures in Detroit. Two graphics editors explain how the project came about."
349	GOOGL	"Supreme Court Rejects Google’s Street View Appeal: A long-running privacy lawsuit may damage the company’s efforts to expand its technology to the home, the body and vehicles."	
350	GOOGL	"Google in Deal for Songza, a Music Playlist Service: The price is said to be $39 million for the app that competes with Pandora and others in making customized playlists of recommended songs."	Wheelies: The Flying Honda Edition: Honda puts its first commercial jet into flight; N.H.T.S.A. opens an investigation of 2012-14 Nissan Versas for a problem with a trim panel that hinders pedal operation.
351	GOOGL	"Fast and Easy Photo Albums for Printing: Also, how to replace the discontinued iGoogle page."	
352	GOOGL	"Google Alerts British News Outlets About Deleting Their Links: The BBC and The Guardian say that they have received notice of articles that will no longer show up in European online searches, including one about Stan O’Neal, the former Merrill Lynch chief."	
354	GOOGL	"Yelp Joins Critics of European Union Antitrust Settlement With Google: Yelp filed an objection to a proposed antitrust settlement, complaining that search results favor Google Plus Local."	"Intel, Qualcomm and Others Compete for ‘Internet of Things’ Standard: For a lot of tech companies, the devices and the data promised by the Internet of Things has a huge potential. That makes the way we get there, even through ostensibly free open source projects, into a battleground."
355	GOOGL	Silicon Valley Sharknado: How close are Google & Co. to inventing computers that overtake the human brain?	"European Companies See Opportunity in the ‘Right to Be Forgotten’: After a court ruling, companies in the business of monitoring and managing online reputations have added a sideline of removing links from searches."
356	GOOGL	"Cloud Computing Giants Add to Open Source Credentials With Kubernetes: Google has given up its secret sauce in a battle with Amazon Web Services for cloud computing customers. Now Microsoft, IBM and others are helping out. It looks like a strategy to blunt Amazon."	"Daily Report: Europe’s ‘Right to Be Forgotten’ Ruling Offers Some Companies an Opportunity: After a court ruling, companies in the business of monitoring and managing online reputations have added a sideline of removing links from searches."
357	GOOGL	Google to Tour Europe to Discuss Privacy: The group will visit six countries as it discusses how search engines will react to Europe’s so-called right to be forgotten ruling.	
359	GOOGL	Novartis Joins With Google to Develop Contact Lens That Monitors Blood Sugar: The Alcon unit of the European drug maker will help with one of the latest moves into the health care sector by the tech industry.	Invitation to a Dialogue: Internet Behemoths: An electronic privacy advocate writes about the growing size and power of a few Internet companies. Readers are invited to respond.
360	GOOGL	Wheelies: The Heavy Chevy Edition: General Motors will discontinue light-duty Chevrolet Express and GMC Savana vans; Alan Mulally joins Google’s board of directors.	How I’m Trying to Manage My Online Brand: When two senior executives from the other side of the world revealed that they knew my life’s story — and didn’t mind reciting it — I felt naked.
361	GOOGL	"Google’s Quarterly Results Show Its Continuing Struggle With Mobile Advertising: Second-quarter revenue and profit rose, but the company reported a lower “cost per click” ad price, largely because of a shift to mobile advertising."	"Undermining China, One Knockout at a Time: An essay by a Chinese commentator that has been widely republished argues that the “highest level” of the cyberwar between the United States and China has included the insidious advance of American culture via the Internet."
362	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google’s Earnings Highlight Its Struggle With Mobile Advertising: Second-quarter revenue and profit rose, but the company reported a lower “cost per click” ad price, largely because of a shift to mobile advertising."	"Technology’s Rainbow Connection: Young gays and lesbians are trying to recode the culture in Silicon Valley, but it’s still a work in progress."
365	GOOGL	Google Acquires DrawElements: DrawElements produces a graphics test that helps companies make their software compatible with Google’s Android operating system.	"Twitter, Like Other Big Tech Companies, Comes Up Short on Diversity: The social media company’s report on employees’ gender and ethnic backgrounds is the latest in a string of reports indicating that when it comes to diversity, the tech industry has “a lot of work to do.”"
366	GOOGL	"Google to Offer Close-Up View of Liberty Island: On Wednesday, Google began the work of putting Liberty and Ellis Islands on Google Maps with Street View."	"Connecting the Tech World to Everyday Life: Molly Wood says that to friends and family, she is part tech support, part therapist and part fortuneteller. This is the life of a personal tech columnist for whom the tech is, simply, normal life."
367	GOOGL	"Challenges for Amazon’s Cloud Computing Hopes: Amazon Web Services reported a surprising decline in quarterly revenue on Thursday. Amazon blamed Google’s price cuts, but its web services could be hitting some harder business sales."	
368	GOOGL	"Italian Opera Company Experiments With Google Glass: On Wednesday, selected singers, orchestra members and various technicians will perform wearing Google Glass to transmit the opera live from their individual points of view to audiences online."	
370	GOOGL	"Paying With Your Phone: Molly Wood demonstrates how apps from PayPal, Starbucks and Google can help you make purchases with your phone, and explains why you can’t do it everywhere yet."	Easier Ways to Make Payments With Smartphones: Several new products and services have been released that could make mobile payments more convenient and worth trying.
371	GOOGL	"Google Details Problems With Handling Right to Be Forgotten Requests: Google said that the company often had to rely only on information provided by the submitters, and that it struggled to decide whether the requests complied with Europe’s recent ruling."	
373	GOOGL	"Exclusive Google ‘Camp’ Draws Elite to Sicilian Resort: Google has gathered business leaders, tech luminaries and celebrities for high-minded discussions of global issues as well as schmoozing and basking in the Mediterranean sun."	
374	GOOGL	"New Buying Strategy as Facebook and Google Transform Into Web Conglomerates: A buying spree among technology companies has revolutionized the venture capital business model, Steven Davidoff Solomon writes in the Deal Professor."	
375	GOOGL	Wikimedia Wants You to Remember the Links Europe Wants You to Forget: The nonprofit behind Wikipedia released a list of its links that Google has removed from its search engine in accordance with European law.	
376	GOOGL	"Daily Report: To Compete Against Amazon, Google and Barnes & Noble Team Up: Book buyers in Manhattan, West Los Angeles and the San Francisco Bay area will be able to get same-day deliveries from local Barnes & Noble stores through Google Shopping Express."	
378	GOOGL	"White House Picks Engineer From Google to Fix Sites: Mikey Dickerson, who helped repair HealthCare.gov, is leaving Google permanently to be the administrator of the new United States Digital Services Team."	
379	GOOGL	"Finding an App to Manage Passwords: Also, getting Kindle tech support abroad, and language translations directly from the Google search box."	Why BuzzFeed Is Trying to Shift Its Strategy: Can a company known for content that is more clickable than memorable survive when people inevitably change the way they read online?
382	GOOGL	"Outside Google’s New York Office, a Giant Rat Is All but Invisible: A large rat has appeared around the Chelsea building for several months. But the creature, a common sight at union protests, is not against the search engine."	
383	GOOGL	"In Silicon Valley, Mergers Must Meet the Toothbrush Test: Companies like Google are employing unorthodox criteria — say, whether a product is used daily, like a toothbrush — to size up their deal targets, and without the advice of Wall Street bankers."	XRay: A New Tool for Tracking the Use of Personal Data on the Web: A team of computer scientists at Columbia has developed a research tool for tracking the use of personal data online.
385	GOOGL	"Thumbtack, an Online Market for Services, Raises $100 Million: With the latest round – whose investors include Google Capital, Tiger Global, Sequoia Capital and Javelin Venture Partners – Thumbtack has now raised $150 million of financing to date."	
388	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Online Data-Storage Providers Search for Better Niches: Box, Dropbox and Hightail – caught in the middle of a price war between Amazon and Google – are rethinking their core business models, focusing on specific industries or bolstering customer service."	"Bearing Down on Data Upstarts: Box, Dropbox and Hightail are rethinking their core business models, focusing on specific industries or bolstering customer service."
389	GOOGL	"Google Buys Zync, Maker of Visual Effects Software: The Internet giant is adding specialized technology to its cloud computing services."	
392	GOOGL	Google Joins Amazon in Dreams of Drone Delivery: Who needs UPS trucks and bicycle delivery when you can fly in things people buy online?	
394	GOOGL	"Calico, Google’s Anti-Aging Company, Announces New Research Facility: A Google-backed biotech company plans to build a new Bay Area-based facility to research diseases that afflict the elderly, such as neurodegeneration and cancer."	
395	GOOGL	Opposition Grows in Europe to Google Antitrust Proposal: Microsoft and two trade groups for German publishers said the plan to reduce Google’s dominance of the search market was inadequate.	"Garth Brooks Embraces Digital Music and Unveils Online Store: GhostTunes, which offers Mr. Brooks’s complete catalog of music for $30, also carries songs from other artists, including Brad Paisley and Maroon 5."
396	GOOGL	"Melding Two Flickr Accounts Into One: Plus, pulling up a Google search by voice on your desktop computer."	
397	GOOGL	European Commission Delays Google Antitrust Settlement After Competitors’ Complaints: A plan to give competitors more equal status in the results displayed by Google searches faces further scrutiny after objections by companies like Microsoft and German publishing groups.	
398	GOOGL	"Discussing Online ‘Right to Be Forgotten,’ Google Takes European Privacy Tour to Spain: Google began in Madrid its seven-city tour of public meetings, hearing views from activists and members of the public about the best ways to remove certain links from its search results upon request."	
399	GOOGL	"Google Buys Lift Labs in Further Biotech Push: Google has acquired Lift Labs, a Bay Area company that makes a high-tech spoon designed to make it easier for people with neurodegenerative tremors to eat."	"Domestic Violence in The Times: From Civil Unrest to Spouse Abuse: The rise in the use of a phrase can often be connected with society’s increasing awareness of it as a problem, which is certainly the case here."
400	GOOGL	"Google Acquires Online Poll Company Polar: The company’s team of engineers and designers will join Google’s social network, Google Plus."	"Apple’s Smart Smartwatch Play: Let Developers Find the Killer App: Apple isn’t trying to answer the question of why you need its new watch. It built one that a lot of people will want, and left it to the developers to do the rest."
401	GOOGL	"Google to Give Start-Ups $100,000 in Cloud Computing Credits: Google has a new program in which it will offer start-ups $100,000 in credits on its Google Cloud Platform. The effort is the company’s latest attempt to take on Amazon Web Services, the leader in cloud services."	
402	GOOGL	Google Report Shows Governments’ Increasing Demands for Users’ Data: Google fielded 15 percent more requests for user data in the first six months of 2014 than in the previous six months.	"What the Apple Watch Says About Apple: The Apple Watch is both a product and the embodiment of Apple’s values — taste, trust and utility — that have long guided the company’s product and design decisions."
403	GOOGL	Google Lends a Helping Hand to Madison Ave. on Digital Proficiency: The tech company is offering advertising and media agencies tutorials on how to more effectively use digital tools like mobile and social platforms for marketing purposes.	
405	GOOGL	"News Corp. and Google in a War of Words: The publishing giant accused the search giant of being a “vast, powerful, often unaccountable bureaucracy,” and Google fired back with a tabloid reference to a hamster sandwich."	
407	GOOGL	"Daily Report: China’s Great Firewall Toughens for Google and Others: Chinese authorities have tightened censorship over Internet traffic in recent weeks, and Google and its services are particularly affected."	
409	GOOGL	Exposing Hidden Bias at Google: The tech giant is undertaking a long-term effort to make its employees aware of how unconscious biases can affect hiring and promotion decisions.	
410	GOOGL	Daily Report: Shedding Light on Hidden Bias at Google: The tech giant is undertaking a long-term effort to make its employees aware of how unconscious biases can affect hiring and promotion decisions.	
411	GOOGL	The Business Case for Diversity in the Tech Industry: Google argues that a diverse work force can help it come up with better products.	The Weekly Wrap: Highlights from the past week on Times Insider.
414	GOOGL	German Regulator Warns Google Over Collecting Users’ Data: The city of Hamburg’s data protection commissioner said the tech giant’s aggregation of data across its services risked creating “meaningful and comprehensive personal records” of individuals without their consent.	
415	GOOGL	Drones vs. Kidneys: Google Autofill on the Economy: A New York brokerage took a novel approach to studying what people are searching for on Google. We certainly spend a lot of time thinking about television bachelors.	
416	GOOGL	Times Articles Removed From Google Results in Europe: The notifications offer examples of the issues involved in Europe’s decision to allow individuals some control over what appears online about themselves.	
420	GOOGL	Google Provides Details on ‘Right to Be Forgotten’ Requests in E.U.: Google said that it had removed more links in Europe to content on Facebook from its search results than from any other website.	Technology Titans Lead Ranking of Most Valuable Brands : Four of the top 10 brands on the 2014 Interbrand Best Global Brands list are technology brands.
421	GOOGL	"Moving a Music Library to Linux: Plus, making text bigger in Google Maps."	
422	GOOGL	Am I Sick? Google Has a Doctor Waiting on Video: Google’s “Helpouts” platform is experimenting with a new product that lets consumers talk to doctors over video.	"YouTube Takes Manhattan : A studio that YouTube is opening in Manhattan will bring the company in proximity to more traditional creators of media content, along with a huge new pool of talent."
423	GOOGL	"Ireland to Phase Out ‘Double Irish’ Tax Break Used by Tech Giants: The provision known as the “double Irish,” used by companies like Google to reduce their bills, has been under scrutiny from European Union regulators."	
424	GOOGL	"Google Profit Will Depend on Wringing More From Mobile Ads: As mobile platforms take up an ever-greater share of internet traffic, Google is devoting more effort to nudging advertisers into paying more for mobile advertising."	"Poodle Bug Marks Third Major Security Flaw Discovered This Year: On Tuesday, researchers disclosed details of a security bug that could make web browsing sessions on a public network vulnerable to hackers."
425	GOOGL	"Stephen Colbert and the Angry Inch: Mr. Colbert attacked Google and its chief executive, Larry Page, for an inaccurate listing of his height."	Don’t Depend on Those Frozen Eggs: The debate over women’s careers is ignoring the medical reality.
426	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Analysts Wonder About Google’s Next Phase: Even though Google has expanded beyond its core search business, nothing has been as profitable as search, its original golden goose."	"The Downsides of Generous Workplace Perks: Some high-tech companies offer top-shelf extras like gourmet meals and child care, but critics say this just keeps people at work longer."
427	GOOGL	"Stephen Colbert Has a Mock Feud With Google Over Search Results: Stephen Colbert chided the search engine for getting his height wrong, a situation that highlighted challenges about the accuracy and sources of its information."	
428	GOOGL	"Turning a Floating Fantasy Into Reality: For the last 25 years, inventors, tinkerers and even top engineers at Google have been trying to develop a functioning hoverboard."	
429	GOOGL	Google Wants Inbox to Be Your Email System for the Next Decade: Google has created a new app for people to manage their overflowing inboxes.	"Twitter Offers Tool, Digits, to Sign In to Apps With Just a Phone Number: The social network unveiled a tool that software developers can use to let people more easily log on to smartphone apps."
431	GOOGL	"Parachutist’s Record Fall: Over 25 Miles in 15 Minutes: A helium-filled balloon lifted Alan Eustace, a Google executive, to more than 25 miles above the earth. Fifteen minutes after he cut himself loose, he was on the ground."	"Hoverboards: A Story 25 Years in the Making: An article about hoverboards took a reporter a lot of work, a little luck and 25 years of skateboarding injuries."
432	GOOGL	"Sorting the Phone’s Address Book: Also, using Google Maps “Lite” and private searches in OS X Yosemite."	
434	GOOGL	"Google Executive Sets Record for Free Fall: Reporter’s Notebook: John Markoff, who was there when the Google executive Alan Eustace set the world record for a balloon jump, tells the story behind the story."	
436	GOOGL	The New Thing in Google Flu Trends Is Traditional Data: Google Flu Trends is getting an overhaul intended to improve its accuracy. The new ingredient? Traditional public health data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	
437	GOOGL	"Google Search Data Suggests Voter Turnout Will Not Surge: In 2012, web searches on “vote” and “voting” helped predict turnout. This year, search volumes are roughly at the same level as four years ago."	"Programmers Deploy Cellphone Game to Support Hong Kong Protests: A Hong Kong-based mobile software company has created an app that allows people to indulge in both gaming and an interest in all things Occupy, featuring protesters facing off against thugs, police officers with tear gas and pepper spray, anti-Occ..."
438	GOOGL	"Google Glass May Have a Blind Spot, Study Says: A research letter about a very small sample test said Google Glass may create a small blind spot on the right side."	Your OkCupid Self: Critics of online dating data say it doesn’t say much about people’s real-world behavior. Might it give us insight into online behavior instead?
440	GOOGL	"Lollipop, the Latest Version of Android, Is Grown-Up and Accessible: Google’s latest version of Android is sophisticated and refined, and adds welcome security features to tablets. The Nexus 9 tablet, on the other hand, leaves some to be desired."	"Jawbone Up3 Band Takes Tracking to the Extreme: Jawbone, the activity tracker pioneer, is introducing the Up3 band and the inexpensive Up Move activity tracker. The trackers — as well as Jawbone’s focus on activity, health and data tracking — are cementing the company’s status as a whole-health..."
441	GOOGL	"‘How Google Works,’ by Eric Schmidt and Jonathan Rosenberg: Two technology executives explain the business methods behind Google’s groundbreaking success."	"In Self-Driving Cars, a Potential Lifeline for the Disabled: The cars could prove to be a life-changing breakthrough for many people with disabilities, granting them a new measure of independence."
450	GOOGL	"Google Play Store Opens to Chinese Developers: Google said it would offer Chinese developers a way to sell mobile applications outside of mainland China by giving them access to its Play Store, which runs on Android phones and tablets."	
451	GOOGL	Google Experimenting With Removing Ads for a Fee: Google started experimenting with a new way to let users contribute to websites in exchange for fewer ads.	
453	GOOGL	The Thanksgiving Recipes Googled in Every State: Which foods are unusually popular in each state on Thanksgiving.	
454	GOOGL	"‘Right to Be Forgotten’ Should Apply Worldwide, E.U. Panel Says: New guidelines from privacy regulators would require Google, in certain cases, to take down links in search domains in Europe as well as outside the region."	"Letter From the Editor: The Search for Food: Web searching has become a tool of social science, a way to understand American life. You can also learn a few great recipes, as we did this week."
457	GOOGL	"How to Restore Old Versions of Word Documents: Most Windows and Mac editions of Microsoft Word have a setting that automatically backs up documents. Also, how to export your Gmail contacts."	
458	GOOGL	"French Official Campaigns to Make ‘Right to be Forgotten’ Global: Isabelle Falque-Pierrotin, who heads the French data protection authority and heads a European body composed of the region’s 28 national privacy regulators, said Google must do more than remove links from its European domains."	
459	GOOGL	"Sneaking a Peek at a Protected Gramercy Park View: Matt Chaban, the Appraisal columnist, explained how he stumbled upon a story while “strolling” through New York on Google Street View."	"OnDeck, an Alternative Lending Platform, Sets I.P.O. Range: OnDeck Capital, an online site for lending to small businesses, said it planned to price its stock sale at $16 to $18 a share, a move that would value the company at about $1.1 billion."
464	GOOGL	Google News to Shut Down in Spain: The decision is in response to a Spanish law that comes into force in January that would allow newspapers and other publishers to charge Google for content it uses.	
467	GOOGL	"How to Hide Past iTunes Purchases: There is a way to “hide” items from your list so they aren’t visible on a shared computer. Also, how to enlarge the New Message window in Gmail."	"Chinese Internet Companies Gain Ground in Global Advertising Competition: China, the No. 2 market for digital advertising, has become so important to marketers that Alibaba and Baidu, two Chinese companies that operate almost entirely within their home country, have become two of the largest ad sellers in the world."
468	GOOGL	Daily Report: Google’s Detractors Lobby State Attorneys General: Google’s critics are turning to state attorneys general to push the company to censor illegal content and sites from search results.	
470	GOOGL	"Statement of Attorney General Jim Hood Regarding Google Lawsuit: Mr. Hood, the attorney general of Mississippi, released this statement in response to a suit filed by Google that accuses him of violating federal law in his efforts to get the search giant to remove links to some content."	"Why the ‘Best Places to Work’ Often Aren’t: Few companies recognize that it’s not the number of hours their people work that determines the value they create, but rather the energy they bring to the hours they work, writes Tony Schwartz in the Life@Work column."
472	GOOGL	"America’s Christmas Gift Lists, as Seen by Google: Google, already the repository of our collective fears and hopes, also knows what we are shopping for. Of course it does."	
473	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google Knows What You’re Getting for Christmas: Google, already the repository of our collective fears and hopes, can also predict what Americans are planning to put under the tree this year."	"Wearable Devices for Women: Still Pretty and Still Dumb: Wearables have a style problem, especially when it comes to women. But as tech companies and designers come together to make wearables for women, do they risk making gadgets that look good but do less?"
474	GOOGL	"Adding the Sun, Moon and Stars to Google Calendar: Include some interesting events — off-planet and closer — to your daily reminders."	
475	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Pinterest Opening Its Boards to Ads on Wide Scale for First Time: On New Year’s Day, the digital scrapbook Pinterest will start selling advertising, competing with Google, Twitter and Facebook for marketing revenue from the biggest consumer brands."	
477	GOOGL	"36 Hours in Vienna: Explore street view, find our points of interest and sign in to your Google account to save your map."	"Sony’s ‘The Interview’ Is Set for On-Demand and Wider Online Viewing: Sony’s new partners will expand digital availability of the film, which will also have a wider theatrical release starting Friday."
482	GOOGL	"Apple’s Cut From App Sales Reached $4.5 Billion in 2014: Google’s app store is the largest in the world, but still makes far less money than the Apple App Store."	
486	GOOGL	Updates for Google Translate (Just Hold Up Your Phone): Updates for the Google Translate app allow users to translate text simply by holding up their phone to a menu or street sign.	"Tracking Data Use to Avoid Hefty Phone Fees: A number of apps can help monitor and manage data consumption on phones, to keep you within your plan’s limits and avert unpleasant surprises on your bill."
487	GOOGL	"In Detroit, Google Makes a Case for Driverless Cars: Google hopes to have fully autonomous vehicles on the road by 2020, taking the driver out of the equation and handing the virtual wheel to software."	
488	GOOGL	"Google Glass Is Finally Getting a Makeover: As the company reimagines the device, here’s hoping it draws in some fashion experts for advice on what people want to wear."	
489	GOOGL	"E.U. Official Urges Google to Offer Greater Concessions in Antitrust Inquiry: Günther Oettinger, the European Union’s digital economy commissioner, said that while he respected what Google’s founders had achieved, the company must honor European rules."	
490	GOOGL	"Video Feature: Conjuring the Most From Google Android: All of these tips work on the latest version of Android, known as Lollipop, but many of them work on the previous version, too."	"Video Feature: For Musicians, Apps for Tuning, Keeping Time and Organizing Charts: Getting to the music faster is easy with apps for the mundane tasks, like getting in tune and planning your set list."
491	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Internet in Orbit, Linking Much of World Directly to Google: The company believes it can use its growing collection of devices in the sky to spread the Internet to underserved areas around the world — and sell more ads."	
494	GOOGL	WikiLeaks Assails Google and the U.S.: Lawyers acting for WikiLeaks said Monday that they were exploring possible legal action against the American government and Google over the seizure of emails.	
495	GOOGL	"What Happens if Apple Drops Google From Its Browser?: Yahoo’s chief executive wants to get the company’s search bar into Apple’s Safari browser, as it did with the Firefox browser. What that would mean to Google, Safari’s current search bar, isn’t so clear."	"From Buzz to Bombs: A Dispatch From the Sundance Film Festival: Brooks Barnes tells of how he learned to cover the Sundance Film Festival, and what mistakes he will never make again."
496	GOOGL	"Google Revenue Is Higher, but Profit Misses Expectations: The company’s results were squeezed by a number of temporary factors, including a strong dollar that ate into overseas sales."	"Video Feature: Signs That Virtual Reality Is on the Verge of Taking Off: Major technology and media companies are investing heavily in virtual reality, a signal that the experience may soon be ready for mass consumption."
497	GOOGL	"You Googled It, We Answered It: A team of analysts at Google divulged travelers’ most pressing questions, such as how to pack and is it safe to fly."	
500	GOOGL	Why Google Glass Broke: How Google Glass went from the hottest thing in wearable tech to the Edsel of Silicon Valley.	"Traveling With an iPhone: Using your phone as a GPS unit is handy, but can run the battery down. Always pack a mobile phone charger."
501	GOOGL	Twitter and Google Said to Reach Deal on Search: The microblogging service is expected to announce a partnership that will make tweets easier to find in Google search results.	
502	GOOGL	"Limit ‘Right to Be Forgotten’ to Europe, Panel Tells Google: An eight-person committee advising Google on complying with a landmark privacy ruling by Europe’s highest court said it should apply only in the 28-nation European Union."	
503	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Rivalry Brewing Between Uber and Google: Google is a major investor in Uber, but as often happens in Silicon Valley, each company is working on products that could wind up directly competing."	"La realidad virtual al borde de despegar: Compañías como Samsung, estudios cinematográficos y empresas de Silicon Valley están compitiendo para crear nuevos tipos de experiencia de vídeo para realidad virtual."
505	GOOGL	"Google, Mighty Now, but Not Forever: The tech giant is trying to evolve beyond a search behemoth, but it faces the same problems as the once-mighty tech companies that came before it."	"Importing Images to iPhoto: Tips on how to transfer photographs into iPhoto on your Mac, and advice for connecting to a virtual private network from a mobile device."
506	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google Is a Mighty Force Now, but That May Not Last Forever: The tech giant is trying to evolve beyond a search behemoth, but it faces the same problems as the once-mighty tech companies that came before it."	Jet.com Gets Investment That Values It at $600 Million: A soon-to-start online marketplace that aims to loosen Amazon’s grip on e-commerce raises $140 million.
508	GOOGL	"Cristal roto: La historia del fracaso de Google Glass: Hace unas semanas Google anunció que las gafas Glass, como las conocemos, desaparecerían."	Securing a Hotmail Account: How to use two-step verification to guard against unauthorized access to your email.
510	GOOGL	"‘American Sniper,’ the People’s Choice for Best Picture: When asked about the best movie they had seen in the last year, people in a Google survey cited “American Sniper” far more than any other film."	
512	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Automakers Close to Widely Adopting Dashboard Tech From Google and Apple: In the coming months, auto dealerships around the country will begin selling vehicles capable of running Android- and Apple-compatible dashboard systems."	
513	GOOGL	"Filing Away Gmail Messages: Tips on how to archive Gmail messages to tidy up your inbox, and solutions for when your laptop battery begins to fade."	
514	GOOGL	"A Google Computer Can Teach Itself Games: A team at Google has developed a way a computer can sense inputs, learn rules and successfully play a number of classic video games. That’s a step up from the Jeopardy!-winning Watson, which was taught rules."	
515	GOOGL	"Google Puts European Operations Under a Single Executive: Google, which is facing various regulatory issues in Europe, has consolidated the region’s operations under a single executive."	
516	GOOGL	Google Unveils Plan for New Corporate Campus: Google unveiled a radical proposal for a new campus that would replace its current headquarters in Mountain View.	
517	GOOGL	"An Uneasy Relationship Between Telecom and Tech : Large mobile carriers and tech giants like Facebook and Google rely on one another, but they are competing to be consumers’ main source for Internet use on mobile devices."	"Daily Report: The Apple Watch Is Nearly Ready, but Is the Public?: The Apple Watch is scheduled to start selling in April, but will buyers want it? While consumers have shown little interest in smartwatches so far, few people wanted tablets or smartphones before the iPad and iPhone were released."
518	GOOGL	"At Geneva Auto Show, Worry About Silicon Valley: Apple and Google are using their technology domination to take over car dashboards. Someday, they could try to build entire vehicles."	
519	GOOGL	"Flipkart of India, to Bolster Its Tech Credentials, Hires Former Google Executive: Punit Soni, who led product management at Motorola Mobility when it was owned by Google, will oversee current and future products for Flipkart, an e-commerce start-up that wants to gain a foothold in Silicon Valley."	
520	GOOGL	Google Introduces Long-Anticipated Insurance Shopping Site: The Google Compare auto insurance shopping site could rattle the insurance industry and change how individual brokers do business.	"ISIS Is Adept on Twitter, Study Finds: While Twitter has suspended many users linked to the Islamic State, a study says at least 46,000 accounts publicize the group’s message of death."
523	GOOGL	"Google C.F.O. Is Retiring to Spend More Time With Family (No, Really): While watching a sunrise from the highest point in Africa, Patrick Pichette decided it was time to “hit the road” with his wife and find his bliss, he wrote in a goodbye note."	Inside the Kleiner Perkins Trial: Reporter’s Notebook: The reporter David Streitfeld describes the scene inside the Kleiner Perkins trial.
524	GOOGL	"36 Hours in Los Cabos, Mexico: Explore street view, find things to do in Los Cabos, Mexico, and sign in to your Google account to save your map."	Bento Wants to Be Your App Matchmaker: Bento is one of a number of start-ups that are trying to re-imagine search for mobile phones by anticipating what you want to do with your device.
525	GOOGL	"InMobi Plans to Stay Independent, Dismissing Rumors of Talks With Google: The chief executive of the Indian mobile advertising start-up denied reports that the company was discussing a possible acquisition by Google."	
530	GOOGL	"Reseña: La portátil Chromebook Pixel de Google: Ha llegado la portátil Chromebook Pixel de segunda generación. Es igual de confusa que la primera pero, extrañamente, igualmente atractiva."	
531	GOOGL	TAG Heuer Smartwatch Is the Talk of Baselworld: The Swiss watchmaker teams up with Google and Intel to create a smartwatch.	Turning Off the Android Texting Nanny: Some people would rather do without the word suggestions the software makes as they type a message.
532	GOOGL	"Google Fiber Plans Experiment With Targeted Ads for Television: While Google Fiber is growing fast, it is still minuscule compared with its traditional rivals. But it shows the potential for delivering specific kinds of ads to local markets."	
533	GOOGL	"Google Should Feel Lucky in Its Finance Chief Hire: The challenge for both Wall Street and Silicon Valley is to create more women like Ruth Porat, with financial, tech and government know-how."	
534	GOOGL	"Wall St. Stars Join Silicon Valley Gold Rush : Ruth Porat, Morgan Stanley’s chief financial officer, is leaving for Google in the most visible example yet of the flow of talent from Wall Street to Silicon Valley."	
535	GOOGL	"New Google C.F.O. Gets $70 Million Pay Package (and $7,500 to Move): Google’s new financial chief will join the search giant in May after a long career at Morgan Stanley."	
536	GOOGL	Google and Johnson & Johnson Team for Robotic Surgery Projects: Google and Johnson & Johnson announced a partnership to develop new robot-assisted surgery technologies but offered few details.	
540	GOOGL	European Commission Asks Companies to Go Public With Google Complaints: The move is part of an antitrust inquiry into whether the search giant has used its dominant position to give preferential treatment to its own services.	Antitrust and Other Inquiries in Europe Target U.S. Tech Giants: New developments offer the latest sign that American tech giants face intensifying scrutiny in Europe that could curb their profits in the region and affect how they operate around the world.
541	GOOGL	"ZenPayroll Start-Up Raises $60 Million From Group Led by Google Investment Arm: The funding round valued the payroll processor, which was created in 2012, at $500 million."	
542	GOOGL	"Consumer Groups to Ask F.T.C. to Investigate YouTube Kids App: Close to a dozen consumer groups are asking the commission to investigate an application recently released by Google, arguing that its ads deceive children."	"California’s Arid Landscape, Shot From Above: Damon Winter shares how he made the aerial photos of the Coachella Valley."
543	GOOGL	"Turkey’s Online Censorship: The country has been pressuring Google, Facebook, and Twitter to remove content critical of its government."	Silicon Valley Not So Friendly to Families: Reporter’s Notebook: Claire Cain Miller writes about her reporting on Silicon Valley and the fact that an industry renowned for generous perks is not particularly family friendly.
544	GOOGL	"Amazon to Sell Predictions in Cloud Race Against Google and Microsoft: Amazon Web Services, the world’s biggest cloud company, is now selling cheap data analysis and prediction. It’s likely to get baked into all kinds of applications, bringing pain to the old guard."	
545	GOOGL	"Kode With Karlie, Iris Apfel’s Eulogy for Loehmann’s and Making Up Hillary Clinton: Plus, J.Lo “invented” Google Image search, Cara and Poppy’s mom to tell all and more from the week in style."	
546	GOOGL	"How Europe Is Going After Apple, Google and Other U.S. Tech Giants: The biggest American tech companies face intensifying scrutiny by European regulators, with — pressure that could potentially curb their sizable profits in the region and affect how they operate around the world."	"O’Malley Uses New YouTube Feature as Fund-Raising Plea: Introduce a new advertising technology, and a political campaign will find a way to raise money with it."
547	GOOGL	"Google Expected to Face Antitrust Charges in Europe: Europe’s antitrust chief is expected to accuse the search giant of using its dominant position to favor its own services, a case that could force a change in its practices."	"Fighting Homelessness, One Smartphone at a Time: Some companies in the Bay Area turn to technology to aid people who sleep on the streets, for whom a phone can be a lifeline."
548	GOOGL	"Google Accused of Cheating Competitors: Margrethe Vestager, the European Union’s competition commissioner, accused Google of distorting Internet search results and began an antitrust investigation into its Android mobile operating system."	
549	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Joining American Peers, Google Gets Caught in Europe’s Cross Hairs: American technology companies are no strangers to antitrust challenges by European regulators, but the cost has tended to be measured in money and time, not business practices."	"With Eye on Mobile, Yahoo Revises Its Search Partnership With Microsoft: Under the new agreement, Yahoo will be allowed to deliver its own search results and ads for up to half the searches made by visitors to its sites and apps."
550	GOOGL	Investigating Google: The European Union is investigating whether Google is using its dominant market share to gain an unfair advantage over competitors.	"Taking a Facebook Break, Temporarily or for Good: The site lets users deactivate their accounts and then return with all content intact. Permanently deleting an account wipes it, and all the content, out."
552	GOOGL	"Google Adds ‘Mobile Friendliness’ to Its Search Criteria: While Google remains the dominant search engine, its grasp on the mobile market is slipping in the face of increased competition from “native” applications designed for pocket-size devices."	
553	GOOGL	"Google Introduces Wireless Service Called Project Fi: The service aims to blend several communication tools — cellular calls, online calls like Skype — into a single phone number and service."	
554	GOOGL	Family Office of Google’s Eric Schmidt Buys Stake in Hedge Fund D.E. Shaw: The 20 percent stake of the $36 billion hedge fund is one of the last vestiges of the bankrupt Lehman Brothers.	
555	GOOGL	"Google’s Eric Schmidt Plays the Adult in D.E. Shaw Investment: The Google executive chairman makes a big bet that is far afield from the frivolity of, say, a sports team investment like Steve Ballmer’s."	"Daily Report: Amazon Dominates Cloud Computing, but Tech Giants Are in Pursuit: Amazon said in its first-quarter earnings report that its cloud division, Amazon Web Services, had revenue of $1.57 billion and operating income of $265 million."
556	GOOGL	"The Latest Fashion, Trending on Google: The search giant is scanning its wealth of user-generated data for signs of fashion trends as it works to enhance its sales of online advertisements."	
557	GOOGL	Europe’s Google Problem: The politics behind the European Union’s antitrust charges against the American Internet giant.	
558	GOOGL	"Google Tripled Spending on Lobbying in Brussels Last Year: The company multiplied its spending by three from 2010 to 2013, and again in 2014, spending at least $4.2 million and as much as $4.8 million last year, according to its latest disclosure report."	
562	GOOGL	Google Pushes Advertisers to Smaller Screens: Google is trying to get advertisers to spend more on mobile screens that account for a majority of searches in the United States.	"Behind the Dateline: ‘Kathmandu’ Becomes Times Style: Philip B. Corbett describes why a Times style change, regarding the spelling of Kathmandu, was made this month."
563	GOOGL	"Google Loses to LinkedIn in Silicon Valley Headquarters Pitch: Google’s plans for a space-age new headquarters received a major blow from the Mountain View City Council, which awarded most of the city’s future office space to another Internet company, LinkedIn."	
564	GOOGL	"Google, Dominant in Search, Tries Disruptor Role in Wireless and Broadband: Google’s foray into cellular and broadband is a strategic move aimed at enhancing its position in search and exploiting new profit opportunities."	"Uber Joins the Bidding for Here, Nokia’s Digital Mapping Service: The battle to buy Here highlights the growing importance of digital mapping services as companies connect their products to the Internet."
565	GOOGL	"How to Use Siri, Google Now and Cortana Voice Commands: Get the most out of speech-recognition mobile assistants. Also, how to use speed-test websites to measure broadband speeds."	
567	GOOGL	"Deal Talks for Here Mapping Service Expose Reliance on Location Data: If a new owner decides to restrict access to Here’s vast trove of mapping data, some of the largest tech companies could find themselves relying on Google’s mapping services once more."	Lessons From Mergers Past for the Verizon-AOL Deal: The memory of AOL’s disastrous 2000 acquisition of Time Warner likely shaped Verizon’s approach.
568	GOOGL	"Uber Lures Top Google Executive and Shifts David Plouffe’s Duties: Uber said Rachel Whetstone, Google’s longtime head of communications, would run its day-to-day communications operations. David Plouffe, who had that role, will move to a chief advisory position and take a director’s seat on Uber’s board."	
570	GOOGL	"Google Self-Driving Car Tests Set for Summer: The first autonomous vehicle Google has made will hit public roads in northern California for tests this summer, reports Phil LeBeau of CNBC."	The Double-Edged Sword of Online Anonymity: Anonymity is one of the biggest obstacles to fighting harassment online; it also keeps advertisers from knowing everything about you.
572	GOOGL	"Tech Giants Urge Obama to Reject Policies That Weaken Encryption: A group of prominent technology companies, including Google and Apple, have sent a letter to President Obama asking him to reject any proposals that would weaken their products’ security."	
577	GOOGL	"Google and Apple Adjust Strategies on Mobile Payments: Google is set to unveil a payments initiative for merchants and a refashioned consumer app, while its rival reportedly plans a rewards program for Apple Pay."	Hiding Smartphone Photo Location Information: Guard your privacy when you post your photos online by turning off location services for your smartphone’s camera app.
578	GOOGL	"Daily Report: As Mobile Payments Rise, Apple and Google Prepare Their Moves: Google is set to unveil a payments initiative for merchants and a refashioned consumer app, while its rival reportedly plans a rewards program for Apple Pay."	
579	GOOGL	Google Wants to Turn Your Clothes Into a Computer: A little-known research group inside the search giant is working on ways to allow textiles to respond to touch and send information and is teaming up with Levi Strauss to explore the technology.	"Windshield Devices Bring Distracted Driving Debate to Eye Level  : Head-up displays like Navdy’s claim to reduce risk by projecting information from a smartphone into a driver’s line of vision, but some experts worry the additional stimulus will be too distracting."
582	GOOGL	"Upload the Pictures, and Let Google Photos Do the Rest: Take all the photos you want, back them up automatically into the cloud and use Google’s image search abilities to find them later."	"App Smart | Stream Music For Free: There are plenty of great streaming music services that you can already try, often for free, and while the big players are jockeying to dominate the market, now is a great time to experiment."
583	GOOGL	Is Translation an Art or a Math Problem?: Google and other tech dreamers think machines can make languages superfluous.	"Mark Zuckerberg, Let Me Pay for Facebook: “Free” social networking sites cost more than we think."
587	GOOGL	"Sidewalk Labs, a Start-Up Created by Google, Has Bold Aims to Improve City Living: Google’s Sidewalk Labs will pursue technologies to cut pollution, curb energy use, streamline transportation and reduce the cost of city living."	"Options for Simplifying the Commute: GPS, the wireless Internet and smartphones have brought back the principle of dial-a-ride, a short-lived service born in Silicon Valley in the 1970s that was a victim of its success."
588	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google Sets Its Sights on Improving City Life: Google’s new venture, Sidewalk Labs, will pursue technologies to cut pollution, curb energy use, streamline transportation and reduce the cost of urban living."	
589	GOOGL	"France Wants Google to Apply ‘Right to Be Forgotten’ Ruling Worldwide or Face Penalties: The authorities want the ruling to apply to all of Google’s domains like Google.com, though the company contends that Europe’s privacy legislation should apply only to its regional domains."	
591	GOOGL	"Google Is Its Own Secret Weapon in the Cloud: Google is becoming more public about its data centers, talking about its network and how much fiber it owns. The idea is to show off assets that Amazon, Microsoft and IBM cannot match in the competition for cloud customers."	
594	GOOGL	European Regulators Lay Out Demands and Fines in Google Antitrust Case: Regulators say that Google uses its 90 percent market share in Europe to favor its own services over those of rivals like Microsoft.	
596	GOOGL	Gmail Formally Adds ‘Undo Send’ Option: The new tool allows users to choose a delay time from 5 to 30 seconds in case of a change of heart.	"Confederate Flag Sales Soar as Retailers Pull Stock: As companies like Walmart, Amazon and Sears were moving to discontinue sales of products tied to the Confederate battle flag, sales of them were soaring."
597	GOOGL	"Google’s Street View Takes Armchair Climbers Up El Capitan: Starting Wednesday, Google Maps, using its Street View technology, will offer web users views of El Capitan from a rock climber’s perspective."	"Video Feature: Apps for Summer Travel, Concerts and Grilling: Specialized apps provide help with many seasonal pursuits, including planning vacation activities, packing for a trip and even grilling the perfect steak."
598	GOOGL	Letter of Recommendation: Alternative Search Engines: Want to find what you didn’t know you were looking for? Don’t go to Google.	
600	GOOGL	"Supreme Court Declines to Hear Appeal in Google-Oracle Copyright Fight: A years-long copyright fight between Google and Oracle will continue. At issue are the bits of code that help pieces of software work together, called Application Programming Interfaces."	Agency Taps Mapping Technology to Curb Rail Crossing Accidents: The Federal Railroad Administration is hoping its new measure to integrate grade-crossing locations into mapping technology will curb the recent increase in crashes and fatalities.
602	GOOGL	Google Photos Mistakenly Labels Black People ‘Gorillas’: Google apologized after a user posted a photo on Twitter showing that the Google Photos app had labeled black people as “gorillas.”	
603	GOOGL	"In Tests, Yahoo Uses Google to Power Search Results and Ads: Yahoo is turning to the world’s dominant provider of web searches to power some of its own search results. The tests could lead to a deeper relationship between the two companies, whose previous efforts to cooperate on search were blocked by antit..."	
604	GOOGL	"Google to Test Carpooling Service in Israel: Raising the stakes in its competition with Uber, the search giant said it would test the service in Tel Aviv through Waze, an Israeli social-mapping start-up it acquired in 2013."	
607	GOOGL	"Reinventing Google for a Mobile World: As Google races to become as essential on smartphones as it is on desktops, competition is popping up throughout Silicon Valley."	"With CarPlay, Apple Looks to Upend Tradition: Apple’s proposal that automakers write apps for technology company software raises concerns about security and safety."
608	GOOGL	"Google Search Chief Amit Singhal Talks Searching Apps: Google’s search chief, Amit Singhal, discusses how Google search is moving from the web to apps."	
609	GOOGL	"CrowdStrike, Cybersecurity Services Provider, Raises $100 Million: The investment was led by Google Capital, in what it says will be the first of several cybersecurity deals."	"YouTube Chief Talks Children, Mobile and Competition With Facebook: Susan Wojcicki, YouTube’s chief executive, discussed opportunities in mobile, acquisitions and juggling her five kids and her career at Fortune’s Brainstorm Tech conference on Monday."
612	GOOGL	"Google Revenues Up 11% as Earnings Surpass Forecast: The search company’s new chief financial officer, Ruth Porat, said the results “reflect continued growth across the breadth of our products.”"	Morning Agenda: Greece Adopts Austerity: Greece Adopts Austerity | Icahn Calls BlackRock Dangerous | Santander Consumer USA Hires Blythe Masters | Macy’s Gets a Lift From Starboard
617	GOOGL	"Ruth Porat May Be Just What Investors Think Google Needs: With the arrival of Ruth Porat as Google’s chief financial officer, the corporate culture shifts to mature and fiscally responsible from impulsive and undisciplined."	
618	GOOGL	"The New Stars of the Tech Sector: James B. Stewart, on CNBC, discusses how chief financial officers like Ruth Porat of Google are bringing new success to technologies companies."	"Morning Agenda: Nikkei Buys the Pink Paper: 5 Men, 2 Fraud Schemes, 1 Hacking | Blackstone C.F.O. Said to Be Headed to Airbnb | Opportunities in Struggling Puerto Rico"
619	GOOGL	Google Loosens Ties to Google Plus: The company is most likely responding to the demands of mobile users who expect apps to deliver services on their own.	
622	GOOGL	Google Fights Effort to Apply ‘Right to Be Forgotten’ Ruling Worldwide: The search giant said it would not comply with French demands to apply a European data protection ruling to its global domains.	
626	GOOGL	"Blocking a PC’s Webcam: Disabling a webcam in case of a virus or attack by hackers, and getting Google Now on a desktop computer."	‘Right to Be Forgotten’ Online Could Spread: Some countries’ demands for the erasure of search engine results on privacy grounds could soon affect even information available in the United States.
627	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google and the Spread of the ‘Right to Be Forgotten’: Unlike so many things that happen on the Internet, it might be outside of Google’s control."	"Among the States, Self-Driving Cars Have Ignited a Gold Rush: The auto industry will spend billions developing the technology, and many states are being careful not to pass laws that would scare those dollars away."
629	GOOGL	"Google to Reorganize as Alphabet to Keep Its Lead as an Innovator: Under the new name, Alphabet, the company is signaling that it has essentially become a collection of disparate businesses."	
630	GOOGL	"With Google as Alphabet, a Bid to Dream Big Beyond Search: From Google’s start, Larry Page has been afflicted with a desire for two competing corporate virtues: focus and expansiveness."	DealBook: Stock Buybacks Draw Scrutiny: Warren Buffett Bucks the Trend | Man Charged With Bitcoin Schemes in Court | The F.D.A. and the Free-Speech Fight | Mallinckrodt to Buy Therakos
631	GOOGL	Google Goal in Restructuring as Alphabet: Autonomy: The Internet giant has been short on details about how its reconfiguration as the entity Alphabet will work. But a look at Nest Labs may provide some clues.	"36 Hours in Berlin: Summertime highlights, when Berliners head outdoors, include a boat tour, riverside restaurants and evenings enjoying the view from a rooftop playground."
632	GOOGL	"Even in the New Alphabet, Google Keeps Its Capital G: Google’s name is a protected trademark, and the company has fought to keep it from becoming generic, as brands like thermos, cellophane and others have."	
633	GOOGL	"Google and Genericization: James B. Stewart, on CNBC, discusses the chance that Google’s brand name could lose its status as a protected trademark, and shares his view of Google transitioning to Alphabet."	
634	GOOGL	"Más allá de la busqueda: Con Alphabet, Google le apuesta a soñar en grande: Google reestructurará sus operaciones en un conglomerado tipo General Electric llamado Alphabet, del cual la compañía de búsqueda será una división."	"Facts & Figures: Bernie Sanders Gets an Online Upswing: Facebook interest in the senator from Vermont more than doubled last week, according to The New York Daily News."
635	GOOGL	"Unicorns Hunt for Talent Among Silicon Valley’s Giants: Unicorns, start-ups like Uber and Airbnb valued at $1 billion or more, are hiring people from the likes of Google, especially in fields like mapping."	
642	GOOGL	Google Rebuts Europe on Antitrust Charges: The American technology giant would face fines worth billions of dollars if it is found to have broken the European Union’s competition rules.	
643	GOOGL	Mishka Henner Uses Google Earth as Muse: A solo exhibition of Mr. Henner’s work will include photos of American military installations throughout the world.	
645	GOOGL	"Google Antitrust Inquiries Spread Over Globe, With India the Latest Problem: While Google’s biggest regulatory challenge remains in Europe, authorities around the world are investigating its practices, with a report from India’s competition commission its latest problem."	
647	GOOGL	News Q’s | Google’s Driverless Cars Run Into Problem: Cars With Drivers: What’s the problem with Google’s driverless cars being programmed to follow the letter of the law?	
650	GOOGL	Google Follows Amazon Web Services Into On-Demand Supercomputing: The growing competition between the two companies could take so-called machine learning to the masses.	
651	GOOGL	"Staying Signed Into Gmail: Browser cookies store the information used to log in to websites like Gmail, and a user can adjust a browser’s settings to manage them"	
653	GOOGL	"Russian Authorities Rule Google Broke Antitrust Regulations: Officials said that the company had abused its dominant market position with Android, its mobile operating system, by favoring the company’s own own services over those of its rivals."	
654	GOOGL	Head of Mental Health Institute Leaving for Google Life Sciences: Dr. Thomas R. Insel announced that he is stepping down after 13 years as director of the National Institute of Mental Health.	
656	GOOGL	"Apple and Google Create a Buzz at Frankfurt Motor Show: The risk is less that cars from technology giants would destroy Mercedes-Benz or BMW, but rather that carmakers would become mere providers of hardware."	
660	GOOGL	European Court Adviser Calls Trans-Atlantic Data-Sharing Pact Insufficient: The nonbinding but influential opinion could restrict how American companies like Facebook and Google move European data around the world.	
662	GOOGL	F.T.C. Is Said to Investigate Claims That Google Used Android to Promote Its Products: Some mobile application makers have complained to the Justice Department about a Google requirement that they take a bundle of its services if they want any one of them.	"Daily Report: India’s Prime Minister Prepares for Silicon Valley Tour: While China’s president ends a trip that included meeting with tech executives in Seattle and politicians in Washington, the prime minister of India will head to Silicon Valley for a celebration of sorts of his country’s influence on the tech indu..."
663	GOOGL	"Silicon Valley Lawyer, Gary Reback, Takes Antitrust Fight to Europe: Gary Reback, who persuaded the federal government to bring a case against Microsoft in the 1990s, is now pursuing a case against Google."	The Touching Puzzle: Arrange the digits 0-9 to get the greatest possible score.
664	GOOGL	"Google Unveils New Devices to Connect Smartphone and TV: Google revealed two new Chromecast streaming devices on Tuesday, along with a new tablet and a pair of devices from the Nexus line of Android phones."	"YouTube to Expand Shopping Links to More Videos: The new service would place product ads on any video on the site, like product reviews uploaded by amateur reviewers, provided the clip’s owner opts in."
665	GOOGL	"Microsoft and Google Call an End to Patent Battles: Peace has broken out between Google and Microsoft, which agreed to dismiss all of their pending patent lawsuits against each other."	"36 Hours in Bologna, Italy: This food-loving city has a wide array of bistros, cafes and markets, along with museums devoted to its history, and, yes, gelato."
668	GOOGL	"Tech Giants Top Best Global Brands List: Apple and Google, along with other technology companies, made it into the top 10 of Interbrand’s annual report."	
669	GOOGL	Data Transfer Pact Between U.S. and Europe Is Ruled Invalid: The decision by the European Court of Justice throws into doubt how tech giants like Facebook and Google can use digital data from millions of users.	
670	GOOGL	"Google Announces Service to Speed Loading of News Articles: The company, in partnership with some publishers, is starting a service that will have the ability to load pages faster on the web through a browser."	"36 Hours in Buenos Aires: This elegant city blends old and new, from century-old cafes to a lively underground bar culture and a new culinary scene."
677	GOOGL	Google’s Digital Library Wins Court of Appeals Ruling: The Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirms a lower court decision rejecting claims by the Authors Guild that a book scanning project violates copyright.	
678	GOOGL	Deutsche Telekom Said to Weigh New Antitrust Complaint Against Google: The former German telecom monopoly’s complaint to European officials is expected to focus on whether Google uses its Android mobile operating system to unfairly promote its own products over those of rivals.	
679	GOOGL	"The Times Partners With Google on Virtual Reality Project: The New York Times Magazine has created a virtual reality film about children uprooted by war, one of many virtual reality videos The Times plans to present to subscribers."	"After Disappointing Results, Yahoo Promises More Focused Strategy: Marissa Mayer, the chief, told investors that Yahoo would soon unveil a plan to streamline the company."
681	GOOGL	"Daily Report: A Trio of Earnings From Tech Behemoths: Three technology titans — Amazon, Google and Microsoft — will be reporting their quarterly financial results on Thursday."	
682	GOOGL	Google’s TV Strategy: A reader warns that Google and its allies are looking to “track your remote just as they do your mouse and blanket our screens with microtargeted ads.”	
685	GOOGL	Google Books: A Complex and Controversial Experiment: Scientists are finding it hard to draw conclusions from Google’s project to digitize all the world’s books.	"Ben Carson, Beating All Comers: In a new kind of poll, the neurosurgeon running for the Republican nomination leads the field no matter the rival."
686	GOOGL	"How Apple TV Stacks Up: A Rundown of Streaming Devices: We tested video streaming devices from Apple, Amazon, Roku and Google, and the Apple TV stood out. But it’s not the best for everyone. Here are the pros and cons of each device."	"Alphabet Edges Toward Settling the Android or Chrome Question: The company now known as Alphabet has for years supported two operating systems. But Chrome, the lesser-known of the two, will soon lose one of its few exclusive domains."
687	GOOGL	"A Google View of Elephants: To help raise awareness of elephant conservation, Google Street View shows the animals at the Samburu National Reserve."	
693	GOOGL	"With a Mobile Website Like an App, Flipkart Takes a Swipe at Apple: Flipkart worked with Google to create a new mobile website that was unveiled on Monday in a move to improve the mobile web experience and steer away from apps."	"Law Firm Loathed by Tech Expands to Industry’s Home Turf: A class action firm that routinely targets tech companies is opening an office in San Francisco, not far from many of the companies it has sued."
694	GOOGL	"TAG Heuer, Intel and Google Raise the Stakes in Smartwatches: The TAG Connected brings digital functionality to Swiss watchmaking. Should you buy in?"	
697	GOOGL	Google Driverless Car Is Stopped by California Police for Going Too Slowly: The police in Mountain View said the vehicle was driving 24 miles per hour in a 35 m.p.h. zone.	"Moving an iTunes Library With an External Hard Drive: As long as you have an external hard drive large enough to hold your collection, you can use it to move your library, even between Macs and PCs."
700	GOOGL	"Covering Your Browser Tracks: A look at Do Not Track technology in web browsers, and how to use Google Cardboard effectively."	
701	GOOGL	"Google Picks Diane Greene to Expand Its Cloud Business: Ms. Greene, a Silicon Valley veteran, has been a board member of Google and founded Bebop Technologies, which Google has agreed to buy."	
702	GOOGL	Daily Report: Google Gets Serious About Competing in Cloud With Amazon Web Services: Few would argue that Google knows better than most how to manage huge data centers. But in recent years Amazon has become the leader in selling that expertise to other companies.	Experience the Vigils in Paris in Virtual Reality With NYT VR: Two video journalists from The Times used a new storytelling form to document a city pushing past the violence of Nov. 13.
703	GOOGL	"With Google’s Offline Maps, Getting Around Gets Cheaper: Google is rolling out a set of tools designed to help millions of travelers figure out where to go, when to go and how to get there."	
705	GOOGL	Alphabet Trying to Mix Heft With Start-Up Agility: The shape of the company that used to be called Google is starting to become more apparent. What is not so clear is whether a new kind of Google can operate more effectively than the old.	"Updating Windows 10: As part of its switch to Windows 10 as a “service” that automatically updates itself, Microsoft has pushed out its Windows 10 November Update."
708	GOOGL	"Google Cultural Institute Puts Us All Onstage: With 360-degree videos, fans of the performing arts can feel what it’s like to be in the middle of the Philadelphia Orchestra or the Paris Opera Ballet."	
710	GOOGL	"Google’s Latest Steps to Increase Its Use of Renewable Energy: Long a leader in green energy investing, the company has announced new agreements that nearly double its pledge on renewable energy."	"BTG Pactual and the Perils of Supervoting Stock: The investment bank and its jailed ex-leader, André Esteves, illustrate why investors in companies that issue multiple classes of stock should note the risk."
712	GOOGL	Recovering a Stolen Gmail Account: How to regain control of a compromised account and reconfigure your security settings to prevent future hacking.	
713	GOOGL	"Alphabet’s Life Sciences Business Has a New Name: Verily: Alphabet, the holding company that owns Google, has renamed its Life Sciences division Verily as the company transitions to its new structure."	Qualcomm Is Accused of Violating Antitrust Rules in Europe: The authorities said the chip maker had abused its dominant market position in the region by offering financial incentives to smartphone and tablet manufacturers.
719	GOOGL	"Redecorating Android’s Quick Settings Box: Unlike Apple’s iOS, Android 6.0 lets users edit its set of shortcuts, but the feature is not readily visible and Google terms it experimental."	"California D.M.V. Stops Short of Fully Embracing Driverless Cars: Draft regulations would require licensed drivers, who would be responsible for traffic violations, to operate the cars, as well as safety tests and cybersecurity safeguards."
720	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google’s Lousy Time at the D.M.V.: Proposed rules in California would require self-driving cars to have a licensed driver ready to take over the wheel. There’s one problem: Google’s autonomous vehicle prototypes don’t have steering wheels — with good reason, the company says."	
725	GOOGL	How to Use Smart Reply in Gmail Inbox: The feature composes brief responses to email messages that you’ve received.	
730	GOOGL	Getting Your Gmail Just the Way You Like It: Google’s Inbox program tries to sort Gmail messages into logical groupings so they are easier to manage — especially on a mobile device.	
736	GOOGL	"Google Picks Former Obama Adviser to Lead Global Public Policy: Caroline Atkinson, who left her position as a White House deputy national security adviser last month, will join Google in March and be based in Washington."	
739	GOOGL	"Fund Managers Win With Tech Stalwarts and Burly Brand Names: Investments in well-known tech giants like Amazon, Microsoft and Google fueled three top-performing funds in the fourth quarter."	
741	GOOGL	"Tech’s ‘Frightful 5’ Will Dominate Digital Life for Foreseeable Future: By just about every metric, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft are getting larger, more entrenched in their own sectors, more powerful in new sectors and better protected from competition."	
742	GOOGL	"Editing a Gmail Inbox Trip Bundle: When incorrect information strays into a Trip Bundle, there is a way to remove it, and Google has recently made that easier to do."	
743	GOOGL	Amit Singh of Google for Work: A Respectful Clash of Ideas: The president of Google for Work says it’s important to create a culture where people can present diverse points of view.	Making the Screen Easier to Read: Most web browsers and operating systems have settings and features that should be able to make low-contrast type more readable.
746	GOOGL	"Siri, Alexa and Other Virtual Assistants Put to the Test: Virtual assistants from tech behemoths including Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Google are graded on their abilities to actually be of assistance."	"Protecting Personal Information From Virtual Assistants: In order to be of use, assistants like Cortana and Siri need to know a lot about you. Reading the companies’ privacy statements can give you an idea of how much."
747	GOOGL	"British Leaders Spar Over Google Deal: Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain and the leader of the Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, had a heated exchange over the size of tax deal with Google in Parliament on Wednesday."	
749	GOOGL	"Alphabet, Google’s Parent Company, Grows Briskly to Close In on Apple: Revenue increased 24 percent in the most recent quarter, positioning the outfit formerly known as Google to become the world’s most valuable company."	"Creating a Family Website: You don’t have to be a full-fledged webmaster to share photos, videos and news with family and friends in your own private corner of the Internet."
750	GOOGL	"U.S. and Europe in ‘Safe Harbor’ Data Deal, but Legal Fight May Await: The agreement would let businesses like Google and Facebook continue to move personal data across the Atlantic, but European privacy officials may balk."	"Daily Report: Alphabet Eclipses Apple to Become the Most Valuable Company: There’s a shifting of the guard at the top of the technology food chain, with Alphabet overtaking Apple to become the world’s most valuable company."
751	GOOGL	"Amit Singhal, an Influential Engineer at Google, Will Retire: Mr. Singhal, one of the earliest builders of Google’s computer system, said he would leave the parent company, Alphabet, on Feb. 26."	
756	GOOGL	"Making Corrections in the Gmail Address Book: When your Google Contacts list becomes outdated or in need of correction, you can update the entries as needed."	Filters That Add a Dash of Dazzle to Smartphone Photos: Several inexpensive or free apps offer an array of options for images.
757	GOOGL	"Google Will Further Block Some European Search Results: To fend off privacy complaints, the search giant will block access to certain links from all of its search sites when used from the European Union."	
758	GOOGL	Using Chromecast to Stream Your Tablet on a TV Screen: Google’s Chromecast device and its Android software let you watch videos from your mobile device on a TV or PC monitor.	
762	GOOGL	"New York Prosecutor on Privacy and Apple: Cyrus R. Vance Jr., the Manhattan district attorney, called Apple and Google the ""wild west"" of technology on Friday."	
764	GOOGL	"Google to Shut Down Its Comparison-Shopping Website: The move to shutter Google Compare marks a shift from a foray into selling financial products like insurance, according to people who work with the company."	
765	GOOGL	Google Joins Race to Speed Up Mobile Delivery of News Articles: Google’s fast-loading format is the latest effort to solve the pervasive problem of web pages taking too long to display on smartphones.	
766	GOOGL	Printing Gmail Backup Codes: Generating a few backup codes ahead of time can come in handy when you are unable to get the text messages from Gmail’s two-step verification system.	"Is Blind Hiring the Best Hiring?: Most companies say they want to attract a diverse workforce, but few deliver. The only solution may be a radical one: anonymity."
769	GOOGL	"Autonomous Google Car Hits Public Bus During Test Drive: A self-driving car being tested by Google struck a public bus on a city street in Mountain View, Calif."	
774	GOOGL	The End of the Road for Picasa: Google is retiring the free photo-editing program and urging its users to give the newer Google Photos software a try.	
775	GOOGL	Master of Go Board Game Is Walloped by Google Computer Program: The match between Google DeepMind’s AlphaGo and Lee Se-dol was seen as a test of how far research into artificial intelligence has come.	"Googling Is Believing: Trumping the Informed Citizen: The Big Media threat that worried Noam Chomsky 30 years ago has been replaced by a new one, manufactured by us."
778	GOOGL	"South Korean Gets ‘Priceless’ Victory Over Computer in Go Match : After three straight losses, the master player Lee Se-dol rallied for his first victory against a Google program playing a board game known as the most complex ever invented."	
779	GOOGL	Google’s Computer Program Beats Lee Se-dol in Go Tournament: AlphaGo’s 4-1 victory was a historic stride for computer programmers and artificial intelligence researchers.	
780	GOOGL	Speaking Your Mind to Google Docs: An external microphone can help you be better understood by Google’s online word-processing program when you type by talking.	"Samsung’s Smartphones Aren’t the Problem (Just Prune the Bad Apps): Unlike its rival iPhone, Samsung burdens its devices with carrier bloatware and inferior apps. But this is easily remedied, just in time for the new Galaxy S7 models."
781	GOOGL	"Cities to Untangle Traffic Snarls, With Help From Alphabet Unit: A federal Transportation Department partnership with the Alphabet unit Sidewalk Labs will put the power of Google’s data into a traffic management system."	
784	GOOGL	"Keeping Up With Android Security Patches: After a nasty Android bug surfaced last summer, Google has been sending out monthly updates for the software on its Nexus hardware."	
785	GOOGL	"Google Showcases Its Cloud Efforts, Determined to Catch Up to Rivals: A two-day conference featuring machine learning software and tools is aimed at demonstrating Google’s commitment to cloud computing."	
786	GOOGL	Finding Photo Programs That Recognize Faces: Those moving on from Google’s Picasa software can find plenty of other photo-management programs that support face-tagging.	
787	GOOGL	Google and Apple: the High-Tech Hippies of Silicon Valley: Why are the two companies spending billions to build offices that look lifted straight from the 1960s?	Silicon Valley Looks to Artificial Intelligence for the Next Big Thing: Tech’s new architecture melds large computing clouds and artificial intelligence to create efficient computing resources and data-based businesses.
791	GOOGL	"Managed by Q, an On-Demand Start-Up, Raises $25 Million: The investors GV, formerly Google Ventures, and Kapor Capital provided the financing for the office cleaning and management company."	"Dude, Where’s My City?: In Seattle, job growth is steroidal. But I ignore the usual measurements of what makes a city robust. Could Kramer from ‘Seinfeld’ live here?"
792	GOOGL	"To Beat Go Champion, Google’s Program Needed a Human Army: Without the multitude of minds that created a program capable of beating a Go game master, the contest would have been a no-go."	
799	GOOGL	Google’s Calendar Now Finds Spare Time and Fills It Up: Features being added to Google’s calendar will let users program in their aspirations for times when they don’t have work or meetings scheduled.	
802	GOOGL	"Europe Tried to Rein In Google. It Backfired.: Despite mining people’s data to earn billions of dollars, the search giant has been given the power to police some of the region’s tough privacy rules."	
803	GOOGL	"Bill Campbell, Coach of Silicon Valley Stars, Dies at 75: Mr. Campbell, who advised the likes of Steve Jobs at Apple and Larry Page at Google, helped shape the technology industry."	
804	GOOGL	"E.U. Official on Charges Against Google: Margrethe Vestager, the European Union’s competition commissioner, said on Wednesday that Google placed ""unjustified restrictions and condition"" on manufacturers of devices and on mobile network operators."	
805	GOOGL	Alphabet Earnings Disappoint as Google Ad Clicks Cost Less: Revenue for the Google holding company was about $150 million less than expected.	
806	GOOGL	"Microsoft and Google Agree to Drop Mutual Complaints: In withdrawing complaints with authorities worldwide, the companies said they would try to resolve future disputes before protesting to regulators."	"The No-Good Week in Tech’s (Hopeful) Trip to a Bright Future: A deeper reading of recent earnings reports shows an industry in transition, and perhaps getting ready to get even bigger."
807	GOOGL	"Europe’s Web Privacy Rules: Bad for Google, Bad for Everyone: Restricting what search results users can see undermines the Internet’s promise of global access to information."	
809	GOOGL	"Ford and Google Team Up to Support Driverless Cars: The automaker and the tech giant formed the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets, a group aimed at urging federal approval of autonomous vehicles."	
810	GOOGL	Europe’s Case Against Google Might Help Rivals More Than Consumers: The driving force pushing the recent European action against Google’s search engine was a consortium of corporate rivals.	
811	GOOGL	Questioning an Antitrust Case: James B. Stewart says the European Union's case against Google may help rivals instead of its customers.	
812	GOOGL	"Google, Europe and Privacy: The Electronic Privacy Information Center says Google turned a decision that protected privacy into justification for restricting information access."	
813	GOOGL	Google to Get Fiat Chrysler Minivans for Self-Driving Tests: The partnership will equip 100 vehicles with technology to advance and expand Google’s development effort.	
814	GOOGL	"Comparing Mobile Wallets From Apple, Google and Samsung: In the last two years, Apple, Samsung and Google have released mobile wallets, and we decided to test how well these new technologies work. Here’s a rundown of how the mobile wallets compare and where they are accepted."	
816	GOOGL	"Head of Fiat Chrysler Sees Self-Driving Cars in Five Years, Not 20: Under a partnership unveiled this week, Fiat Chrysler will make about 100 modified Pacificas that Google will outfit with sensors and computers it has developed."	
818	GOOGL	Alphabet Chairman Testifies in Oracle Suit Against Google: The right to use programming language is at issue in the latest round of a case filed nearly six years ago.	Using Tweets and Posts to Speed Up Organ Donation: A grateful recipient of a new heart has inspired a drive to vastly enlarge the pool of prospective organ donors.
819	GOOGL	"Google Translate Updates Could Benefit Travelers: Google’s translation app can now be used in offline mode, and will also offer both simplified and traditional Chinese through its Word Lens feature."	Morning Agenda: Staples and Office Depot End Merger Plan: Firm of Clinton Son-in-Law Said to Close Greece Hedge Fund | ‘Contract for Deed’ Lending Under Scrutiny
820	GOOGL	"Another Company With a Cause: Is Google Just Being a Good Citizen?: With its move on payday loans, it joins other powerful players like Facebook and PayPal in taking a stand on social issues, but deepens concerns about overreach."	Morning Agenda: Hard Hats for Hedge Funds as Mergers Collapse: Fund-Raisers Pitch for Trump at Hedge Fund Conference | Online Art Auctioneers to Merge
823	GOOGL	"Google to Introduce Its Voice-Activated Home Device: Apple has Siri, Amazon has its Echo, and now Google will introduce its virtual agent, Google Home."	
824	GOOGL	"Google Home vs. Amazon Echo. Let the Battle Begin.: Here’s how Google’s voice-controlled, Internet-connected speaker compares with Amazon’s popular Echo device."	
825	GOOGL	Silicon Valley’s Artificial Intelligence Marathon Is On: Google’s Home device puts it in the race to become the go-to company for A.I. — along with several rivals.	
826	GOOGL	A Cheery Elevator Ride With Larry Page: The software giant Oracle says the search giant Google infringed on its copyrights. That brought Google’s boss to the courtroom Thursday morning.	Morning Agenda: Push Continues on Insider Trading Cases Despite Limits on Prosecutors: Puerto Rico’s Debt Crisis Addressed in Bipartisan Bill | Energy Transfer Delays Could Scuttle Merger with Williams
827	GOOGL	Going Wide With Google Camera: Google’s own camera app for Android can do much more than just snap standard still photos.	
828	GOOGL	"Locating a Lost Windows Device: Like Apple and Google have done for their own gadgets, Microsoft has a way for users to track down missing Windows 10 hardware."	
830	GOOGL	"Google Prevails as Jury Rebuffs Oracle in Code Copyright Case: The decision, which will be appealed, means that Google owes its Silicon Valley rival nothing for code it used in the Android operating system."	
831	GOOGL	"Google Bests Oracle in Court, but the Fight Isn’t Over: The companies have been fighting for six years over the use of Java, which Oracle acquired when it bought Sun Microsystems."	
835	GOOGL	"Tony Fadell Steps Down Amid Tumult at Nest, a Google Acquisition: Mr. Fadell, a star executive known for his aggressive management style, helped found the maker of high-tech home devices and sold it to Google for $3.2 billion 2014."	
837	GOOGL	"Using Google Now for iOS: Google makes a version of its predictive assistant software for Apple devices, but the native Android version has more features."	"Comment on That Shared Science Story – and Maybe Read it, Too!: In an online environment where Facebook readers comment before reading, is it possible to make veracity cool?"
838	GOOGL	"Ingress Has the World as Its Game Board: Ingress, a game originally developed at Google, encourages its one million players to go to actual landmarks in far-flung places."	Getting Over Stage Fright With the Help of Your Smartphone: Speaking in front of people can be terrifying. Several apps can help ease jittery nerves and possibly make you a more effective and eloquent speaker.
843	GOOGL	Backing Up Into Google Photos: Google’s online service for storing your picture library comes with software that grabs backup copies right off the camera’s memory card.	
846	GOOGL	"Tracing Your Google History: Google keeps a log of your searches, location and other information shared when you use the company’s services, but you have a say in what gets saved."	Conversations: Poking Fun at Tech Culture on ‘Silicon Valley’: A writer for “Silicon Valley” talks about the show’s female characters and influence on the real Valley.
849	GOOGL	Watching Virtual Reality Videos on YouTube: The site stocks an expanding collection of virtual reality clips and has even formatted its older videos to work with the Google Cardboard viewer.	
853	GOOGL	"Google Capital Ventures Into Public Companies With Care.com: The Alphabet investment unit has invested $46.35 million in Care.com, a publicly traded company that helps connect families and caregivers."	"Third-Party Keyboards Give Mobile Users More Options: Besides offering autocorrection and anticipating a user’s next words, keyboard apps provide search features and can customize the keys’ layout."
854	GOOGL	"Retrieving Your Google Photos: Automatic backup keeps your pictures in the cloud, but you can download copies if you want to edit them with your favorite desktop photo program."	Morning Agenda: Puerto Rico Relief Measure Clears Senate: Nearly All U.S. Banks Pass Fed Stress Test | Lionsgate Is Said to Be Near Deal to Buy Starz
857	GOOGL	Man Charged With Firebombing Street View Cars in Attacks on Google: A California man who told the police that “Google was watching him” stands accused of firebombing Street View cars and shooting at a window.	
858	GOOGL	"Android Security When You Need It: The current version of Google’s operating system, Android 6.0, offers several ways to unlock your device’s screen — with or without your direct input."	Makers of Self-Driving Cars Ask What to Do With Human Nature: The difficulty of getting drivers to take control of automated cars when necessary has prompted many automakers to take people out of the equation.
860	GOOGL	"‘I Am the River and the River Is Me’: An effort is underway in New Zealand to grant the Whanganui River personhood. Illustration by Antonio de Luca and Google Earth, DigitalGlobe."	
861	GOOGL	"Voice Searches With Cortana or Chrome: Microsoft restricted its virtual helper to work only with its Edge browser and Bing search engine, but you can do voice searches right in Google’s browser."	
862	GOOGL	"Wanderlust by Design: Organizing Your Summer Travel: Sidekix, Clarice and Google Translate can help you discover and navigate new cities and sites, and make the most of your time there."	
863	GOOGL	"Google Called Harmful to Europe’s Market: Margrethe Vestager, the European Union's competition commissioner, announced on Thursday a new round of antitrust competition charges against Google."	"Morning Agenda: The First Woman to Lead Cravath, Swaine & Moore: How Private Equity Found Power and Profit in State Capitols | Law Center Calls Seller-Financed Home Sales ‘Toxic Transactions’"
866	GOOGL	"Google, Trying to Endear Itself to Europe, Spreads $450 Million Around: The company is financing a series of projects supporting European culture and education as its regulatory woes continue to compound."	
868	GOOGL	"Changing Your Google Account Settings: Google recently changed its ad-tracking practices, but you have a say in whether you want to use the new tools."	
870	GOOGL	Google Races to Catch Up in Cloud Computing: Analysts say the global cloud-computing business will be worth $67 billion by 2020. Amazon and Microsoft are the current leaders in the industry.	"Tech Behemoths Report Their Results: Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Alphabet will post quarterly earnings this week, reflecting how they are doing in online ads, mobile and cloud computing."
874	GOOGL	"Google Silences Doubters With Blockbuster Quarter: It was a major recovery from a lukewarm previous quarter, proving that the internet behemoth still has room and energy to grow."	The Blog That Disappeared: Dennis Cooper’s vanishing work shows why we shouldn’t trust the cloud.
876	GOOGL	Getting Chatty in Gmail: Google’s mail program offers its users the choice between a no-frills instant-messaging service and a more full-featured communications hub.	
879	GOOGL	Latest to Quit Google’s Self-Driving Car Unit: Top Roboticist: Chris Urmson is the latest in a string of departures from the team working on the autonomous car project.	
881	GOOGL	"Personalized Traffic Alerts From Google: Google Maps pulls in data from several places, including crowd-sourced highway reports from its Waze service, to warn you what’s up the road."	
883	GOOGL	"Bill Maris Leaving as Chief of GV, Google’s Venture Finance Arm: David Krane, a managing partner at GV, will replace Mr. Maris, who founded GV in 2009."	
885	GOOGL	"Which Co-Pilot to Choose: Google Maps or Waze?: Google owns both mapping and navigation apps, but Google Maps and Waze take their own approach to getting you to your destination."	
886	GOOGL	"Google Duo Challenges FaceTime: Unlike Apple’s FaceTime app, Duo can be used between the Android and iOS universes."	
891	GOOGL	"Daily Report: A New Android for a New Tech World: Google’s latest phone operating system reflects today’s design values: Feedback, speed, personalization and something to hunger for."	"Apple Becomes a Green Energy Supplier, With Itself as Customer: As a wholesaler, the company can cut power costs and carbon dioxide emissions. It will get much of its supply from a solar energy farm now being built."
892	GOOGL	"Daily Report: More Clean Energy, Brought to You by the Cloud: Big data centers for the likes of Apple, Facebook and Google are increasing the demand for renewable energy, which may spur the construction of green facilities."	
896	GOOGL	"Alphabet Expands Car-Pooling Project, Casting Shadow on Uber: Waze Carpool’s move into San Francisco is just the latest volley as Google and Uber encroach on each other’s territory."	"Endorsed on Instagram by a Kardashian, but Is It Love or Just an Ad?: Companies are spending big to have celebrities praise their products to millions of social media followers, raising questions about disclosure rules."
897	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Uber and Google, Ride-Sharing ‘Frenemies’: A Google executive kept out of meetings stepped down from Uber’s board as the search giant expands its own nascent ride sharing service to San Francisco."	
898	GOOGL	"Do Those Travel Search Results Look Fishy? Here’s Why: Searches on sites like Google Maps, Yelp and TripAdvisor are often wildly different. Blame it on visibility, algorithms and, yes, commerce."	"How Tech Giants Are Devising Real Ethics for Artificial Intelligence: Four people involved in the creation of an industry partnership say its intent will be clear: to ensure that A.I. research is focused on things that will benefit people, not hurt them."
900	GOOGL	"Living in Two Time Zones With Google Calendar: If you have to manage meetings in different parts of the world, you can make Google Calendar show two or more time zones at once in your browser."	
905	GOOGL	Move Your Address Book From Outlook to Google: You can use the export command in Microsoft Outlook to start transferring your contacts to a different mail program.	"E.U. Rules Look to Unify Digital Market, but U.S. Sees Protectionism: The rules will put new pressure on American tech companies, but European officials say they will unite the Continent’s various national economies."
908	GOOGL	How Waze Tries to Keep Its Crowd Honest: Google’s popular traffic app relies on its users to keep it up to date and to help correct deliberate misinformation.	
910	GOOGL	"Approve or Reject: Can You Moderate Five New York Times Comments?: We’re partnering with Google to change the way we review the 11,000 comments posted each day to nytimes.com — and this is what we’re up against."	
911	GOOGL	Allo’s Tryout: 5 Days With Google’s Annoying Office Intern: Google’s new chat app promises to stand out from a crowded field by bringing artificial intelligence into conversations. But it turns out to be frustrating and unhelpful.	Can Bots Fight Bullying?: Tech companies are experimenting with tools that use artificial intelligence to spot online harassment.
913	GOOGL	"Twitter Moving Closer to Sale: “Twitter has received expressions of interest from a number of technology companies,” said David Faber of CNBC, including from Salesforce.com and Google."	Twitter Is Said to Be Discussing a Possible Takeover: The social network site has been considering a possible restructuring as it wrestles with a slowdown in its growth.
916	GOOGL	"Protecting Humans and Jobs From Robots Is 5 Tech Giants’ Goal: The Partnership on AI unites Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft to ease public fears of machines that are learning to think for themselves."	
917	GOOGL	"Donald Trump Pushes Debunked Theory That Google Suppressed Rival’s Bad News: While seeking to publicize his success in unscientific online polls after Monday’s debate, Mr. Trump promoted a debunked conspiracy theory."	
919	GOOGL	"The Problem With Google’s ‘Star Trek’ Computer: An always-on computer like the one on “Star Trek” could pose privacy concerns, said a NASA engineer and “Star Trek” aficionado."	U.S. Tech Giants Are Investing Billions to Keep Data in Europe: Companies like Amazon and Microsoft are building data centers across the Continent in response to Europeans’ desires to keep their information close to home.
920	GOOGL	"Google Introduces the Pixel, Its Own Smartphone: Google’s new strategy of controlling both hardware and software puts it more directly in competition with Apple and many of its own Android partners."	"Julian Assange, WikiLeaks Founder, Promises Raft of Revelations: On his organization’s 10th anniversary, he vowed to release “significant material” about a range of issues, including the U.S. election."
921	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Google Would Like You to Meet Its Gadgets: The company has had a spotty track record with devices, but the push for artificial intelligence is making that side of the shop more important than ever."	
924	GOOGL	"Freeing the Gmail New Message Window: When it suits you, you can unlock the New Message form from the corner of the browser and compose your thoughts in a different window."	"Looking for a Choice of Voices in A.I. Technology: Choosing a voice, which is often young and female, in conversational computing has implications for design, branding or interacting with machines."
927	GOOGL	"Five Places to Go in Milan: Isola used to be home to blue-collar workers and mobsters, and felt removed from Milan. It’s now home to Google in Italy, and is seen as radical chic."	
930	GOOGL	"Google Pixel Review: Assessing the New Smartphone: The Pixel, which uses Android software and Assistant, an A.I. virtual assistant, is, relatively speaking, mediocre, but fans of Android won’t regret buying one."	
936	GOOGL	"Google Curbs Expansion of Fiber Optic Network, Cutting Jobs: Alphabet, Google’s parent company, said it would halt discussions with cities where it planned to expand its network and would reduce staff at Google Fiber."	
939	GOOGL	Daily Report: Google’s Day in Europe’s Court Highlights Nature of New Tech: The search giant is one of several American tech companies facing inspections overseas for the way they do business.	"Morning Agenda: Competition Heats Up, the Fight Over Global Trade: The stakes are rising for antitrust cases, especially in Europe, where Margrethe Vestager, the European competition chief, has picked some prominent fights."
941	GOOGL	How to Change the Way You Pay in Google Play: What to do if you need to remove or change your stored credit card — or want to switch to a different payment method entirely.	
942	GOOGL	"Daily Report: A New Helper in the Virtual Assistant Race: Google will introduce Home, its rival to Amazon’s Alexa, at the end of this week."	
947	GOOGL	"Parallels Between Europe’s Antitrust Cases Against Google and Microsoft: In charges brought recently against Google and earlier against Microsoft, officials say that each company favored some of its services over those of rivals."	
948	GOOGL	"Erasing the Past From Google Search: The United States doesn’t have “right to be forgotten” laws as Europe does, but Google considers some requests to remove information from search results."	
949	GOOGL	"Teslas in the Trailer Park: A California City Faces Its Housing Squeeze: Most Californians agree that it costs too much to live in the state. Mountain View, Google’s hometown, is trying to do something about that."	"How to Stream Video on an Older TV: Most devices connect to the television through an HDMI port, but you can find gear to work with the composite connections used by legacy TV sets."
950	GOOGL	"Google and Facebook Take Aim at Fake News Sites: After criticism that they might have allowed fake news to influence the 2016 election, the companies are banning such sites from using their advertising services."	"Give Children a Safer Searching Experience: If you’d like to keep the young ones from seeing inappropriate material in search results, make sure the built-in filter is enabled."
953	GOOGL	"When to Leave on Your Thanksgiving Drive: We compiled the best and worst times to travel from 10 major American cities, according to Google Maps data from last year."	"Silicon Valley Helped Create Trump, and That’s Bad for It: By publishing fake news and disrupting standards of truth and civility, tech companies allowed Trump to spread his message."
958	GOOGL	"With Shifts in National Mood Come Shifts in Words We Use, Study Suggests: A new analysis of Google Books and The New York Times archives suggests that when things get bad, the words do, too."	
963	GOOGL	"Fashion’s Future, Printed to Order: Ray Kurzweil, a director of engineering at Google, believes people will be 3-D printing bespoke clothing in their homes by 2020."	
964	GOOGL	"Facebook and Other Tech Companies Seek to Curb Flow of Terrorist Content: Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft announced they have teamed up to fight the spread of such content online by sharing technology and information."	Europe Presses American Tech Companies to Tackle Hate Speech: A report published by European officials said that only 40 percent of online material flagged as offensive was reviewed within 24 hours.
967	GOOGL	"Storing Web Pages, and Much More, in Google Keep: Like other note-taking apps out there, Google’s software serves as a digital locker to stash saved web pages, audio clips, photos, text and more."	
968	GOOGL	Google Effect Rubs Off on Schools in One Rural Oklahoma Town: A $2.5 billion data center transforms the learning experiences of a rural community’s students in a state where schools are struggling.	
969	GOOGL	Google Parent Company Spins Off Self-Driving Car Business: The decision is a signal that the company thinks its self-driving technology has moved beyond research project status and is ready for commercialization.	"When Trump Meets Tech Leaders, Jobs Will Be on the Agenda: The executives meeting with Mr. Trump in Manhattan on Wednesday include Elon Musk of Tesla, Timothy D. Cook of Apple and Jeff Bezos of Amazon."
970	GOOGL	"The Great A.I. Awakening: How Google used artificial intelligence to transform Google Translate, one of its more popular services — and how machine learning is poised to reinvent computing itself."	"The Quest for Your Dream Streamer: The wide array of available video-streaming devices can be overwhelming, but a bit of research will help you figure out what features you really need."
973	GOOGL	"Google Wants Driverless Cars, but Do We?: With a push from the tech industry and others, automated vehicles are getting the green light without yielding to public interest."	
974	GOOGL	"Silicon Valley Dominating Self-Driving Tech? Motor City Says Not So Fast: Silicon Valley, with Google and Tesla, is developing the smart cars of tomorrow, but the Detroit Three are working hard on self-driving projects in Michigan."	Rail Crossing Warnings Are Sought for Mapping Apps: The National Transportation Safety Board asked tech companies to add the locations of grade crossings into digital maps and to provide alerts for drivers.
975	GOOGL	"Use Labels to Sort Messages in Gmail: Google’s mail program doesn’t use folders for organizing messages as some others do, but its label system has the same results."	
979	GOOGL	"Shopping for Android Apps on the Web: You don’t have to use the Google Play store on your mobile device to get software, as you can shop and even install apps from the computer’s browser."	
982	GOOGL	How to Automatically Label New Gmail Messages: You can set up filters in your Gmail settings that tag incoming messages with a custom label for easy sorting.	
983	GOOGL	"The Making of Virtually Real Art With Google’s Tilt Brush: Tilt Brush, a 3-D tool created by two men and now owned by Google, has invited artists to help hone its system."	
988	GOOGL	"Virtual Reality on the Cheap? Try These Apps on Your Phone: A variety of apps, some using Google’s Cardboard viewer, allow users to sample films and games with 3-D imagery."	
989	GOOGL	"Silicon Valley Takes a Right Turn: Microsoft, Facebook, Google and Amazon used their PACs to support Republican Congressional candidates more than Democratic ones in 2016."	
992	GOOGL	"Is Your Digital Life Ready for Your Death?: How to decide what happens to your Facebook, Google, Twitter accounts and more when you die."	"Clearing Out the App Stores: Government Censorship Made Easier: App stores backed by giant corporations have created choke points for the internet, which governments are now exploiting."
994	GOOGL	"Uber Hires Google’s Former Head of Search, Stoking a Rivalry: Amit Singhal, a 15-year Google veteran, said he was joining Uber, a coup for a company that has publicly stated its intention to chase Google in autonomous-vehicle research."	
997	GOOGL	"In Race Against Fake News, Google and Facebook Stroll to the Starting Line: Google and Facebook emphasized their efforts to combat the spread of false articles, but industry watchers say their measures have had little impact."	"Dumping a Bad App? Tips for a Painless Breakup: If a once-beloved app no longer brings you joy, it may be time to move on. Here’s how to know when to look for something better and how to take your data with you."
998	GOOGL	Daily Report: Google and Facebook Wield Buckets in Fake News Flood: Google and Facebook’s recent efforts show a new vigilance against fake news but also underline the difficulty of making dents in the problem.	Shades of Gray in the Digital Darkroom: Adobe Photoshop comes with tools to convert your standard color pictures into rich-looking black-and-white photographs.
999	GOOGL	"Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans: The tech company had many close links to the Obama administration. Now it’s scrambling to forge ties with President Trump and a Republican-dominated Congress."	
1015	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Snap Is About to Bring Tech Wealth to Los Angeles: The social media darling is expected to be tech’s next big winner on Wall Street. Will the land of sun, surf and movies finally have its Google moment?"	What Facebook Owes to Journalism: Mark Zuckerberg says he wants to help the news media. Here’s what he needs to do.
1017	GOOGL	Google Cousin Develops Technology to Flag Toxic Online Comments: Researchers at the incubator Jigsaw think machine learning can help publishers filter out readers’ offensive posts to keep the discourse civil.	
1018	GOOGL	"Google Self-Driving Car Unit Accuses Uber of Using Stolen Technology: A lawsuit says an employee took thousands of secret files on self-driving car design when he left Google to start his own company, later sold to Uber."	"Daily Report: Another Day, Another Uber Scandal: It’s been a rough week for the ride-hailing service. The latest controversy is a lawsuit accusing one of its employees of intellectual property theft."
1019	GOOGL	"Amit Singhal, Uber Executive Linked to Old Harassment Claim, Resigns: The head of Uber’s engineering efforts did not disclose the circumstances of his departure from Google last year, according to a person familiar with the matter."	
1022	GOOGL	"Apple’s Devices Lose Luster in American Classrooms: Over the last three years, iPads and Mac notebooks have steadily lost ground to Chromebooks, inexpensive laptops that run on Google’s Chrome operating system."	
1024	GOOGL	Turkey to Investigate Antitrust Complaint Against Google: The country’s competition authority will look at whether the search giant unfairly promotes its own digital services on Android over those of rivals.	
1025	GOOGL	"Unhappy With Photo, New Hampshire Town Wins Battle With Google: Concerned the picture leading Google’s search results for Londonderry didn’t represent the town, officials campaigned to replace it."	
1027	GOOGL	"WikiLeaks Will Help Tech Companies Fix Security Flaws, Assange Says: The WikiLeaks founder said the group would work with Apple and Google to give them “exclusive access” on the technical details that have allowed the C.I.A. to hack their devices."	
1031	GOOGL	"Using Sling TV and Secure Texts to Keep on Top of Trump: Michael D. Shear, White House reporter, follows President Trump’s 140-character pronouncements closely. And he has Google Home — at home."	"Just What Was in That iOS System Update?: If you want to see what else happened besides security patches and bug fixes when you installed that update, check the source."
1034	GOOGL	"Stopping Video Autoplay on Google Chrome: If you find videos on web pages are starting to play by themselves despite your browser settings, you may have to take some extra steps."	
1035	GOOGL	"Google Tries to Stop Ads From Appearing Next to Hate Speech: After complaints from brands whose content was shown alongside offensive material online, the search giant pledged to improve its safeguards."	
1037	GOOGL	Sorting Messages on Gmail: Google offers a few tools to organize your mail as it arrives in your in box so you can find the most important messages more easily.	
1041	GOOGL	"Awaiting the Next Android Invasion: Google has released the next version of its mobile operating system to app developers, but regular users will get the software further down the line."	
1042	GOOGL	Google’s Claim Against Former Executive Could Help Uber in Driverless-Car Lawsuit: Uber disclosed Google’s claim against Anthony Levandowski to support its request for arbitration in an intellectual property fight.	"Uber Executive Invokes Fifth Amendment, Seeking to Avoid Potential Charges: The executive at the center of an intellectual property fight between Waymo and Uber is exercising his right to avoid self-incrimination in the dispute."
1044	GOOGL	Google Training Ad Placement Computers to Be Offended: It’s about context. Google engineers are trying to teach machines to recognize what can be offensive or inoffensive depending on the situation.	
1045	GOOGL	When Your Mail Moves Itself: Filters and other mail programs may be resorting your incoming Gmail messages out of your inbox and into the archived mail area.	
1048	GOOGL	Uber Denies It Is Using Stolen Waymo Technology: The ride-hailing service said it started developing its own self-driving car systems before hiring an ex-Google employee accused of the theft.	
1051	GOOGL	Burger King ‘O.K. Google’ Ad Doesn’t Seem O.K. With Google: The commercial was a novel but potentially invasive marketing tactic that came as more Americans use voice-activated devices.	"Online Advertising: Open MIC writes that until technology companies deal with hate speech, advertisers will wonder if their online ads are a reputational risk."
1054	GOOGL	A McDonald’s Ad That Never Mentions the Name McDonald’s: The unbranded commercials challenge customers to Google for “that place where Coke tastes so good.”	
1057	GOOGL	Muppets Around the World: Google Earth’s Voyager uses videos and mapping to help teach children about different cultures from afar.	
1059	GOOGL	Checking a Website’s Security: Google and other browsers now point out when the website you are visiting isn’t using a secure connection to protect your information.	"With Government in Retreat, Companies Step Up on Emissions: Nearly half of the nation’s largest corporations have set emissions reductions targets, even as the Trump administration walks away from goals set by President Obama."
1062	GOOGL	"What Google and Twitter Say About Trump’s First 100 Days: The results of their data analyses aren’t all that shocking. It turns out the president posts a lot, and people searched Google for information on immigration."	"Cloud Produces Sunny Earnings at Amazon, Microsoft and Alphabet: The impact on quarterly results announced Thursday was particularly acute at Amazon, far and away the leader in online computing services."
1066	GOOGL	"Email Attack Hits Google: What to Do if You Clicked: Recipients who clicked on the email and followed its instructions probably gave spammers access to their contact lists, letting them send more email."	
1070	GOOGL	"Tech’s Frightful Five: They’ve Got Us: Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook and Google dominate our day-to-day activities. Imagining being forced to give up some of them could lead to hard choices."	
1073	GOOGL	"Data on New Housing, and Google Hosts Its Developers’ Conference: Though construction slipped in March, economists believe the dip was partly a result of bad weather. At Google’s annual event, “smart home” products will be a big topic."	"Uber Engineer Barred From Work on Key Self-Driving Technology, Judge Says: Uber sidestepped a full shutdown of its self-driving car efforts when a judge stopped short of issuing a temporary injunction against the company’s autonomous vehicle program."
1074	GOOGL	"Questions for: ‘How Google Took Over the Classroom’: Is Google exploiting public school teachers and students, or adding great value instead?"	"Use Your Phone as a Digital Magnifying Glass: Like other mobile platforms, Apple’s iOS 10 software includes a feature to make reading the fine print easier through your phone."
1075	GOOGL	"Google, Not the Government, Is Building the Future: Without greater federal funding of cutting-edge technologies, corporations such as Google will be the ones that own the future."	Movers: Stocks Slide: We’re following major developments in the markets throughout the day. Check here for the latest updates.
1076	GOOGL	"Google Wants to Be Everywhere With Everyone: At the company’s annual conference for software developers, the internet giant offered a vision of life in which you’ll never be alone."	
1077	GOOGL	You Still Need Your Brain: Outsourcing knowledge to Google keeps you from learning things the right way.	"Uber Threatens to Fire Star Engineer in Legal Battle Over Driverless Cars: The company’s top lawyer ordered Anthony Levandowski to comply in a lawsuit brought by Waymo, a self-driving car business, or face “adverse employment action.”"
1079	GOOGL	Google’s AlphaGo Defeats Chinese Go Master in Win for A.I.: The software’s victory over the world’s best player of the Chinese game demonstrates how artificial intelligence can increasingly outperform humans at complex tasks.	
1081	GOOGL	"Google’s A.I. Program Rattles Chinese Go Master as It Wins Match: A Google program called AlphaGo won a best-of-three match against a Chinese Go master, rattling his nerves and showing the power of new artificial intelligence technologies."	
1084	GOOGL	"Is Wisconsin Really That Hard to Spell?: “Beautiful” and “pneumonia” topped the lists of words that Americans most sought how to spell in the first four months of 2017, according to Google Trends."	
1091	GOOGL	"Taylor Swift Returns Her Music Catalog to Streaming Services: The pop star’s music will be available on all major streaming services, including the paid and free tiers of Spotify, Amazon and Google Play."	
1092	GOOGL	Making Google the Censor: European leaders want to force internet companies to police extremist content. But free speech and the sharing of information would suffer.	"A Slump in Tech Stocks That Leaves Some Investors Mystified: Shares of Netflix, Apple and other giant technology companies that have powered a market rally have taken an uncharacteristic pause."
1096	GOOGL	"Google Said to Be Facing Record E.U. Fine by End of August: Regulators are set to impose a penalty of more than $1 billion and force the company to alter how it operates, according to people familiar with the case."	Daily Report: The Limits of A.I.: Facebook wants to rely on technology to help it spot extremist content. But how do you teach a computer context?
1101	GOOGL	"Google Will No Longer Scan Gmail for Ad Targeting: After years of complaints by privacy advocates, the company said it will stop the practice on its free email service to eliminate confusion around its advertising policies."	"The Man Who Helped Turn Toronto Into a High-Tech Hotbed: Geoffrey Hinton, a scientist at the heart of artificial intelligence’s recent breakthroughs, has helped make Toronto a leading research location."
1102	GOOGL	"Google Said to Face $1.2 Billion Antitrust Fine, but Battle With Europe Looms: The hefty penalty is likely to be quickly overshadowed by a more complex problem: How should Google comply with the decision to rein in its power?"	"In Advertising Paradise, Reality Is Just a Conversation Away: The frustrations of the advertising world, namely brand safety, dominated the sun-drenched discussions at the lavish Cannes Lions industry gathering."
1103	GOOGL	"Daily Report: New Chapter in Europe vs. American Tech Behemoths: By slapping Google with a record fine, the European Union sent a billion-dollar signal to American tech companies."	
1111	GOOGL	A Google Engineer Learns the Fashion Code: Amit Sood considered fashion “a slightly elitist area” before he helped create a giant online archive dedicated to the subject.	
1113	GOOGL	"Google Wins Tax Case in France, Avoiding $1.3 Billion Bill: The case focused on Google’s use of a subsidiary in Ireland. A court in Paris said the technology giant was not liable for the back taxes."	
1119	GOOGL	"Finding the Date on a Map Image: The Street View feature of Google Maps stitches together 360-degree photos of a location, and there is a way to see when an image was created."	
1122	GOOGL	"Daily Report: Alphabet Kicks Off Tech Earnings Season: A record $2.7 billion fine hurt Alphabet’s bottom line last quarter, but it was a financial footnote for Google’s parent company."	
1123	GOOGL	Google’s New Parental Control App Has a Flaw: Puberty: The company’s Family Link software for managing children’s Android phones can be undone the instant a young user turns 13.	
1132	GOOGL	"Google Fires Engineer Who Wrote Memo Questioning Women in Tech: The employee, who confirmed his firing, argued in the memo that the gender gap among high-tech employees was due in part to biological differences."	Anita Hill: Class Actions Could Fight Discrimination in Tech: Women can’t afford to wait for the industry to police itself.
1133	GOOGL	"Google’s War Over the Sexes: The common ground between men and women is eroding, and not just in Silicon Valley."	"Converting Pictures Into Words You Can Process: Optical-character recognition software can transform manuscript images into text files you can edit, but pay close attention to the results."
1135	GOOGL	Google Cancels Employee Meeting Because of Harassment Fears: The company planned to hold an all-hands meeting to discuss the firing of an employee who wrote a contentious memo about gender diversity.	"Nsynth Sample: This song was creating using Nsynth, which crossbreeds sounds from very different instruments."
1136	GOOGL	"How A.I. Is Creating Building Blocks to Reshape Music and Art: Project Magenta, a team at Google, is crossbreeding sounds from different instruments based on neural networks and building networks that can draw."	
1141	GOOGL	"Crowded TV Marketplace Gets Ready for Three Tech Giants: The arrival of Apple, Facebook and Google means that the hypercompetitive world of scripted TV is going to become even more ferocious."	
1143	GOOGL	Google and Walmart Partner With Eye on Amazon: The companies are working together to keep pace in the race for online shoppers. They hope a transition to voice technology will help.	
1147	GOOGL	"Go Bold (or Italics) With Gmail Formatting Options: Google made it easy to hide the text-styling tool bar in the New Message window, but you can get it back quickly if you need it."	
1148	GOOGL	Google’s Disturbing Influence Over Think Tanks: Reports about the tech giant’s bullying of the New America Foundation raise concerns about how it shapes policy debates.	
1150	GOOGL	"New America, a Google-Funded Think Tank, Faces Backlash for Firing a Google Critic: The president of the New America Foundation promises staff there will be “deep internal discussion” about its donors’ influence."	
1153	GOOGL	Google and Sex Traffickers Like Backpage.com: The tech giant says “don’t be evil” but quietly shields a website that helps victimize children.	
1154	GOOGL	"At Google, Employee-Led Effort Finds Men Are Paid More Than Women: A spreadsheet created by employees to share salary information shows pay for women is falling short of what men make at various levels."	
1158	GOOGL	"Google Sued by 3 Female Ex-Employees Who Say It Pays Women Less Than Men: In a lawsuit filed in state court, the plaintiffs accuse the search giant of systematically discriminating against women in its work force."	
1159	GOOGL	Google and Facebook Face Criticism for Ads Targeting Racist Sentiments: Both companies said they would change how their ad systems worked in response to two separate news reports exposing the issues.	Online Sex Trafficking: A member of Congress urges passage of legislation to protect children from trafficking.
1162	GOOGL	"Internet Giants Face New Political Resistance in Washington: Facebook, Google and Amazon are coming under increasing pressure by regulators concerned about their growing power."	
1163	GOOGL	Google Is Buying HTC’s Smartphone Expertise for $1.1 Billion: The deal bolsters Google’s ability to build mobile hardware and joins two companies already working together on one of Google’s upcoming Pixel phones.	
1165	GOOGL	Industry Under Pressure Gathers for Ad Week and a Deadline for Google: Advertising Week sends marketing professionals to Manhattan and Google’s shopping service must provide a level playing field in Europe.	
1166	GOOGL	"As Google Fights Fake News, Voices on the Margins Raise Alarm: The editorial head of a socialist website complained that Google is censoring the internet by curbing search traffic to his publication."	Tech Firms Add $300 Million to Trump Administration’s Computer Science Push: Many of the country’s largest technology companies pledged Tuesday to help finance an initiative meant to prepare American students for careers in so-called STEM fields.
1167	GOOGL	"Can You Run Android on an iPad?: If you like Android software and Apple hardware, you can usually find iPad versions of all your favorite Google apps to install."	
1168	GOOGL	Google Acts to End One Fight in Europe as Bigger Antitrust Battle Looms: The search giant agreed to changes in its online shopping unit to focus its resources for a fight with European regulators over Android smartphones.	
1170	GOOGL	"After Las Vegas Shooting, Fake News Regains Its Megaphone: The latest fake news flare-up, aided by 4Chan trolls and Russian news agencies, comes at an inconvenient time for companies like Facebook, Google and Twitter."	Labor Case Before Supreme Court and Jobs Numbers for September: The week begins with court arguments on whether companies can prevent workers from joining together to sue them. It ends with a report on hiring.
1172	GOOGL	Google’s New Gadgets Come With a Big Helping of A.I.: The company that makes most of its money through online ads did its best to show its commitment to devices like the new Pixel phone.	What if Platforms Like Facebook Are Too Big to Regulate?: Attempts by governments to rein them in might instead have to resemble diplomacy — a cautious search for detente with institutions that ultimately get to set their own laws.
1175	GOOGL	"Google Finds Accounts Connected to Russia Bought Election Ads: The search giant is facing increased scrutiny over its role in the 2016 presidential campaign, and is one of a number of internet companies being examined."	
1176	GOOGL	"Google Buying Apple? Sorry, That Was Just a Test: A far-fetched headline and short story that were part of a technology test mistakenly went out on the Dow Jones Newswire on Tuesday morning."	
1177	GOOGL	"The Frightful Five Want to Rule Entertainment. They Are Hitting Limits.: Apple, Google and other tech giants are pushing deeper into cultural industries — and stumbling in ways that suggest a certain cluelessness."	
1178	GOOGL	"Google Unveils Job Training Initiative With $1 Billion Pledge: Amid a big-tech backlash, the Silicon Valley giant announced funding over five years to nonprofits that help prepare workers for the digital economy."	"Have a Group Chat on an iPad: Apple’s FaceTime software doesn’t yet support more than one-to-one video calls, but other compatible apps let you chat with a several people at once."
1181	GOOGL	"Google Maps Pulls Calorie-Counting Feature After Criticism: The app told users how many calories they would burn by walking instead of driving, but was criticized as dangerous to people with eating disorders."	
1182	GOOGL	"Google’s Founders Wanted to Shape a City. Toronto Is Their Chance.: Here’s an opportunity to develop “the world’s first neighborhood built from the internet up,” but will humans be put first?"	"How the Frightful Five Put Start-Ups in a Lose-Lose Situation: In Silicon Valley, small companies used to unseat big ones. Now the clutches of the five biggest tech companies are hard to escape."
1183	GOOGL	"Hundreds of Mysterious Stone ‘Gates’ Found in Saudi Arabia’s Desert: With Google Earth, archaeologists have uncovered strange stone structures that may have been built by nomadic tribes in ancient lava fields."	"Senators Demand Online Ad Disclosures as Tech Lobby Mobilizes: Tech has fought online ad regulations, but three senators will introduce a bipartisan bill to force the industry to disclose who buys political ads."
1184	GOOGL	"Meet the People Who Will Defend Google, Facebook and Twitter Before Lawmakers: The internet companies are putting their general counsels in the hot seats in front of lawmakers on Nov. 1."	"Taking Your iTunes Library to Android: Apple’s iTunes Store used to be more restrictive, but if you’ve purchased music there in the past eight years, you can play it more places."
1187	GOOGL	"Can Washington Stop Big Tech Companies? Don’t Bet on It: Why the government seems paralyzed in the face of the power and influence of companies like Apple, Google and Microsoft."	
1190	GOOGL	"Russian Influence Reached 126 Million Through Facebook Alone: Facebook, Google and Twitter disclosed more about Russian agents’ use of their platforms in the 2016 election as they prepare for hearings before Congress."	
1191	GOOGL	"Google Docs Glitch That Locked Out Users Underscores Privacy Concerns: Some users received alerts on Tuesday that they had violated Google’s terms of service, and were subsequently stopped from accessing or sharing their documents."	"How to Report When the Science Is Sketchy: Open-access academic publications were supposed to lower the barriers to knowledge. But when the walls came down, opportunists came in."
1192	GOOGL	"The Upside of Being Ruled by the Five Tech Giants: What if it’s not that bad that so much economic, social and political power is held by Apple, Amazon, Google, Facebook and Microsoft?"	House Intelligence Committee Releases Incendiary Russian Social Media Ads: The congressional intelligence committees are investigating Russian interference in the election and want to know more about how social media was used to sow discord and spread misinformation.
1198	GOOGL	"Grab Copies of Google Emails, Photos and Files: When you decide it’s time to leave Google for another service, you can download a complete archive of all the files and data you used with Google products."	
1200	GOOGL	"Missouri Opens Antitrust Investigation Into Google: The state’s attorney general has begun investigating Google’s business practices, saying the company has gotten a “free pass” from federal regulators."	
1211	GOOGL	"Andy Rubin, Android Creator, Steps Away From Firm Amid Misconduct Report: Mr. Rubin is taking a leave of absence from the start-up Essential amid a report that he had an inappropriate relationship with a subordinate while he was a Google executive."	The Best Ways to Share Your Smartphone Photos This Holiday: Tech tools make it easy to efficiently share large numbers of photos with your family. Here are some of the best approaches.
1213	GOOGL	"Farhad and Mike’s Week in Tech: Sex Scandals and Silicon Valley: In this week’s tech newsletter, Farhad Manjoo and Mike Isaac delve into sex scandals reaching Google and Uber’s latest legal troubles."	
1215	GOOGL	"Google Missed Out on China. Can It Flourish in India?: As major companies chase India’s new internet users, Google is changing core products to work better on low-end smartphones and use less data."	"The Return of the Techno-Moral Panic: In the 1990s, they were premature. This time, they might have arrived too late."
1220	GOOGL	"Net Neutrality Protests Move Online, Yet Big Tech Is Quiet: While some technology companies used their websites to proclaim support for equal internet access, some of the giants, including Google and Microsoft, were lying low."	
1221	GOOGL	Moving Notes in Google Keep to Other Programs: The handy note-taking application includes an option to easily save your jottings as a word-processing document.	"The Biggest Tech Failures and Successes of 2017: Epic failures this year exposed your personal data to hackers, wasted your money on unnecessary or ethically dubious products and fed you misinformation."
1227	GOOGL	"Eric Schmidt to Step Down as Alphabet’s Executive Chairman: Mr. Schmidt, who has been in a top position at Google and then its parent company, Alphabet, since 2001, will become a technical adviser to the company."	
1229	GOOGL	My Doppelgänger on Google: A reader is infuriated because she is often mixed up with someone with the same name when people search for her.	
1232	GOOGL	"How Climate Change Deniers Rise to the Top in Google Searches: Groups that reject established climate science can use the search engine’s advertising business to their advantage, gaming the system to find a mass platform for false or misleading claims."	
1236	GOOGL	"Sharing Online Albums With Google Photos: Even if you do not have Google Photos set to back up every picture automatically, you can upload selected images for your friends to see."	
1237	GOOGL	"Google Memo Author Sues, Claiming Bias Against White Conservative Men: James Damore, an engineer who was fired after writing about gender differences, accused the company of workplace discrimination in a lawsuit."	
1239	GOOGL	Adding Gmail Contacts to an iPad: You can synchronize your Google Contacts to an iOS device with just a few taps.	
1241	GOOGL	"Changing Country Codes With Google: If Google Hangouts keeps adding the wrong dialing codes, check your settings to see where the software thinks you are."	
1243	GOOGL	"Google Sells A.I. for Building A.I. (Novices Welcome): With a new cloud-computing service, businesses can build their own artificial intelligence algorithms, even if they have little experience with the technology."	Apple’s Big Plans: DealBook Briefing: The iPhone maker plans to make a $350 billion contribution to the American economy over the next five years as it capitalizes on the new tax law.
1247	GOOGL	"The Google Lunar X Prize’s Race to the Moon Is Over. Nobody Won.: None of the remaining competitors for the $20 million award will be able to get off the ground by March 31, a deadline that had already been extended multiple times."	
1250	GOOGL	"Sharing Events From Other Google Calendars: If your organization allows it, you can export birthdays and events from one calendar to another."	
1255	GOOGL	"Alphabet’s Earnings Disappoint. Blame It on the iPhone.: Known for its moneymaking consistency, Google’s parent company ran into the increased price of ensuring its search engine is featured on mobile devices."	
0	FB	Online Abuse of Teen Girls in Kashmir Leads to Arrests: Swift police response to men who taunted rock band members on Facebook.	
2	FB	Palestine’s Democratic Deficit: The persecution of Facebook activists shows that the Palestinian Authority has little respect for democracy and freedom of speech.	
4	FB	"Tip of the Week: Adjusting Facebook Photo Previews: If you do not like the way a photo preview appears on your Facebook Timeline page, you can change it."	"Fund-Raising for Schools, Using Old Class Photos: A new Web service aims to give schools a new way to raise funds, using their old photos."
5	FB	"Facebook Says Hackers Breached Its Computers: Facebook on Friday admitted that its servers had been hacked by sophisticated malware over the last month, but said no user data was compromised in the attacks."	
6	FB	"Apple Computers Hit by Sophisticated Cyberattack: Apple says its systems were attacked by the same group that hit Twitter and Facebook. Like Facebook, Apple confirmed that its employees’ computers were infected with malware when they visited a Web site for mobile developers."	
9	FB	"What Facebook's Search Engine Tells Us: As Graph Search is more widely disseminated, Facebook users may be stunned to learn how they can be found."	
10	FB	"Parental Leave Policies at Some Big Technology Firms: Facebook’s benefits for new parents include $4,000 in “baby cash” per child."	"Hungry Photography: A food photographer, food bloggers and a chef offer suggestions on how to make mobile food photography more appetizing."
13	FB	Facebook Buys Service to Show Targeted Ads Across the Web: Facebook buys an advertising technology that could allow it to better use its personal data to sell ads.	Geeks for Peace: Can a network of tech-savvy Kenyans tracking hate speech and mapping trouble spots keep the election quiet?
14	FB	"How to Beat Some Facebook Scammers: There is a thriving business in artificially inflating a Facebook page’s audience. Here is one way scammers trick you into helping them, and what you can do to stop it."	
16	FB	"Study: Facebook Users More Protective Even as They Reveal More About Themselves: Facebook users in one university network have become more wary of revealing sensitive personal information to the public even as they seem to be revealing much more about themselves to Facebook and its third-party business partners, an academic pa..."	
17	FB	"Sandberg Takes Her Message to Wall St.: Kicking off her East Coast book tour, Sheryl Sandberg, the chief operating officer of Facebook, will attend events this week at Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase."	
18	FB	"Facebook Shows Off New Home Page Design, Including Bigger Pictures: Mark Zuckerberg described the social network’s new look for its News Feed as a “personalized newspaper” that allows users to choose the topics they’re most interested in."	
19	FB	"The Breakfast Meeting: New Ways to Swap E-Content and Time Warner’s Spinoff Trend: Apple and Amazon are trying to make it possible for Web consumers to swap content on a grand scale, Time Warner’s spinoff of Time Inc. is the latest evidence of a strategy of divestment, and Facebook’s redesign strategy is already popular with adv..."	
22	FB	"Q&A: Quieting a Noisy Facebook: If you hear Facebook making sounds when your friends post updates, your notifications settings are set to include audio alerts."	
28	FB	"Search Tool on Facebook Puts Network to Work: Facebook’s new search tool uses friends and their “likes” to find people, places and things."	
29	FB	Finding Their Next Facebook: The Winklevoss brothers have moved on from their battle with Mark Zuckerberg and are more active than ever.	"At The New Republic, Even Firings Enter the Digital Age: Timothy Noah, an editor at the magazine, tweeted out that he’d been fired."
30	FB	"What You Didn’t Post, Facebook May Still Know: Facebook is no longer relying solely on what its users reveal. Instead, it is tapping outside data sources to learn even more about them, and to sell more finely targeted ads."	"Hey, What About Men’s Rights?: It is a myth that Indian society is male-dominated, and a recent anti-rape law is discriminating against men, a group in Pune says."
37	FB	Facebook Is Expected to Introduce Its Phone: Facebook is expected to introduce a Facebook-centric phone on Thursday that is intended to help increase its profit overseas.	"How to Get Rich From the Eastward Tilt: The next Steve Jobs may well be living in a place like Pakistan, Turkey or Nigeria, thanks to a surge in entrepreneurship that is a response to the peril and promise of a globalized economy."
40	FB	"G.M. Returns to Facebook for a Test, for Now: General Motors, which made headlines in May 2012 when it stopped running paid advertising on Facebook, said on Tuesday that it had begun a test program of paid ads on facebook.com aimed at consumers who check Facebook on their mobile devices."	
41	FB	"Facebook Refines Ad Targeting: Facebook allowed advertisers to target its users based on their demographic profile and interests. Now, in a bid to grow advertising revenues, the company will allow brands to show ads based on what those users bought, online and offline."	
43	FB	"Nasdaq Cuts Chief’s Bonus Over Facebook I.P.O.: The board of the market operator Nasdaq OMX Group has cut the 2012 bonus of the company’s chief executive, Robert Greifeld, by 62 percent, as a result of the botched Facebook initial public offering last May."	
50	FB	"Putting a Dollar Value on a Facebook Fan: On average, it’s $174.17, according to Michael Scissons, chief executive of a social media marketing firm. A conversation."	"The Flattening of Design: Flat design is become the stylistic choice for technology companies, partly driven by the constraints of smartphones, and also with a hope to escape the look of digital design."
52	FB	"Looking at Facebook’s Friend and Relationship Status Through Big Data: Wolfram Alpha, a computational search engine, released a slew of fascinating data about Facebook users, including the age of friends, relationship status, and how these change based on age and geographical locations."	
56	FB	"Mobile Ads Help Propel Earnings at Facebook: Facebook reported that about 30 percent of its total advertising revenue came from mobile devices, a significant jump from the last quarter."	
57	FB	Q.& A.: Using Facebook Chat Heads: The recent update to the Facebook app for iOS devices includes the “Chat Heads” feature.	
62	FB	"Daily Report: Zuckerberg’s Lobbying Group Is Criticized Over Tactics: The advocacy group Fwd.Us, created by Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg and others, has shocked some liberals with its tactics in a campaign to support immigration reform, Somini Sengupta and Eric Lipton report in The New York Times."	
63	FB	Q.& A.: Getting More (or Less) Mail from Facebook: You can tell Facebook what types of e-mail notifications you would like to receive by adjusting your account settings.	
75	FB	"Mary Meeker Peers Into the Future of Mobile, Wearables and Facebook: The Internet analyst Mary Meeker predicts a growing use of wearable computing and photo sharing, among other Internet trends she presented at the All Things D conference in California."	
77	FB	"Hate Speech on Facebook: The company has finally moved to further restrict hate speech directed at women, but its slow response may be indicative of a deeper problem in technology companies."	Innovative and Frighteningly Accomplished — and Not Even 30: T asked a group of authorities on subjects ranging from music to design to literature to profile some of the most game-changing men and women in their 20s.
78	FB	"Why Haven’t the Marines Shown Stronger Support for Women?: There were 6 Facebook pages in existence, as of May 2013, devoted to promoting sexual violence, rape and degradation of female Marines."	"The Distasteful Side of Social Media Puts Advertisers on Their Guard: Social media sites are trying to determine what sort of control they have over user-generated content, particularly when it affects advertising."
79	FB	"Malware That Drains Your Bank Account Thriving on Facebook: In case you needed further evidence that the White Hats are losing the war on cybercrime, a six-year-old Trojan horse that drains your bank account is alive and well on Facebook."	Internet Hate Speech: The Anti-Defamation League discusses the necessity of providing a balance online between free speech and a hate-free Internet environment.
82	FB	"Ad Formats at Facebook to Be Fewer: The social network said it would overhaul the way it sells ads, and eliminate about half of the existing styles, to simplify the process for marketers."	"Daily Report: U.S. Confirms That It Gathers Online Data: The government has acknowledged collecting information from Internet companies about foreigners overseas in search of national security threats, Charlie Savage, Edward Wyatt and Peter Baker report in The New York Times."
84	FB	Tech Companies Tread Lightly in Statements on U.S. Spying: Companies like Facebook and Google must balance the image of privacy protection with compliance with the law.	3 Tech Giants Want to Reveal Data Requests: The technology companies asked the government for permission to reveal details about the classified requests they get for the personal information of foreign users.
85	FB	"Daily Report: Google, Facebook and Microsoft Ask to Reveal U.S. Data Requests: The technology companies asked the government for permission to reveal details about the classified requests they get for the personal information of foreign users, Claire Cain Miller reports in The New York Times."	News Finds New Ways to Flow as Greek State Broadcaster Is Shut : The government said ERT and would reopen later with far fewer employees to satisfy the demands of Greece’s creditors because the news outlet had become corrupt and bloated.
91	FB	"Facebook Takes On Twitter With Video: The company will add an instant 15-second video service to Instagram, in an answer to Twitter’s Vine feature."	"Daily Report: Deepening Ties Between N.S.A. and Silicon Valley: Increasingly broad connections between Silicon Valley and the National Security Agency, in terms of recruiting and investment in start-ups, reflect the degree to which they are now in the same business, James Risen and Nick Wingfield report in The..."
97	FB	"Nice to Meet You ... Again: Through Facebook and dating Web sites, online reality and its offline counterpart can blur."	
99	FB	"Q&A: Signing Out of Facebook: If you stay logged into Facebook even when you quit your browser program, and would rather sign out of your account, check your settings."	
100	FB	140 Characters Spell Charges and Jail: Social media users have faced jail time after the Secret Service saw their threats to President Obama on Twitter or Facebook.	
102	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Rolls Out a Powerful Search Tool: The new feature, called Graph Search, will allow users to search through data posted within their social network in extensive and subtle ways."	
105	FB	"Young, Rich and Relocating Yet Again in Hunt for Political Office: Sean Eldridge and his husband, the Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes, bought two multimillion-dollar homes in New York State that were seen as launching pads for a Congressional run."	
110	FB	"Two Tips for Facebook Users: Two features, the Other folder and privacy settings, may be hard to find but are handy to know about."	
112	FB	"Economic Reports for the Week of July 22: Governments reports will include sales of new homes for June, and companies reporting earnings will include McDonald’s, Apple, Facebook, Ford and Boeing."	
114	FB	"Online, a Cereal Maker Takes an Inclusive Approach: General Mills created a cereal lovers group on Facebook that welcomes mentions and even recipes made with cereals made by its competitors."	"Paltalk Tries to Take Advantage of Its Prism Notoriety: Paltalk, a video chat service, was the least-known company in the government’s Internet spying program. Now it is trying to tap into the surge of interest to introduce its new tablet apps and revamped service."
115	FB	Daily Report: Facebook’s Mobile Ad Revenue Cheers Investors: The social networking company said Wednesday that mobile advertising’s share of total ad revenue went from virtually nothing a year ago to 41 percent in the second quarter.	Welcoming a Royal Baby While Trying Not to Steal the Spotlight: Advertisers took to social media to send congratulatory messages to the royal family — examples of how brands are increasingly trying to become part of news-driven cultural moments.
116	FB	"E-Commerce Company Learns to Sell Directly on Facebook: For one owner, the biggest challenge was figuring out how to accept payments."	
119	FB	"Facebook’s I.P.O. Breakthrough: But the shares of the social network giant still have a way to go. In comparison, the Nasdaq market is up more than 20 percent, and Google more than 40 percent since the May 17, 2012, market debut of Facebook.,"	
120	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Shares Briefly Surpass I.P.O. Price: A year after Facebook’s initial public stock sale, its shares briefly crossed an important psychological barrier, trading for the first time above $38 a share."	
121	FB	T.M.B. (Too Much Baby): Facebook and free will.	
123	FB	"Facebook Adjusts Its News Feed to Bump Up Older Posts: Facebook users will see important older items they missed mixed in with newer items as the company tweaks the formulas that drive its news feed. Other changes are also coming, as the company pledges to disclose more about the mysteries of the feed..."	
126	FB	Finding Ways to Improve Your Marketing on Facebook: How do you make sure all of your Facebook fans actually see your content?	"Locating a Missing Amazon Order: A buyer can check the status of any order placed through the Amazon site, even if it was with a third-party seller."
127	FB	When Lawyers Cut Their Clients Out of the Deal: The Supreme Court will soon decide whether to hear a case about a class action suit against Facebook that awarded plaintiffs’ lawyers millions while class members got nothing.	
129	FB	"Our Daily Cup of Facebook: More than 40 percent of the American population visits the social network on any given day, with most of those visitors using mobile devices."	
130	FB	Why a Twitter I.P.O. Should Go Dutch: The modified Dutch auction that was used by Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin in its initial public offering successfully mitigated some of the hype Facebook couldn’t.	
134	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Leads Effort to Widen the Net: Facebook plans to announce an industry effort aimed at drastically cutting the cost of delivering basic Internet services on mobile phones, particularly in developing countries."	
138	FB	"Malicious Software Poses as Video From a Facebook Friend: Attackers are using built-in features of the Chrome and Firefox Web browsers to install malicious software that can see everything stored in the browser, including saved passwords for e-mail and social network accounts, according to Italian securi..."	"Cooking With a New Computer: Unless a specific program is needed — say, one for creating a cookbook — choosing between Mac or Windows is a matter of preference."
140	FB	"Facebook to Update Privacy Policy, but Adjusting Settings Is No Easier: Facebook unveiled new privacy policies it plans to put in place next week, but has done nothing to simplify its maze of privacy controls."	
144	FB	Privacy Groups Ask F.T.C. to Block Facebook Policy Changes: Privacy advocates say coming changes to Facebook’s privacy policies violate a 2011 order by federal regulators requiring the social network to obtain explicit consent from its users before using their personal information for commercial purposes.	
145	FB	"Facebook Delays New Privacy Policy: Facebook, the world’s largest social network, said it would delay the rollout of new privacy rules, which it had planned to put in place on Thursday."	"A New World Where We All Keep Score: Complex though you may be, ever more companies believe they can reduce you to a number. But how much confidence can we have in these numbers of our lives?"
146	FB	"Tech Companies Escalate Pressure on Government to Publish National Security Request Data: On Monday, Yahoo and Facebook filed suit in a secret court to ask for permission to publish data on the national security requests they receive, and Google and Microsoft amended the suits they had already filed."	
148	FB	"Facebook Privacy Change Is Subject of F.T.C. Inquiry: After a storm of negative comments from users, the Federal Trade Commission has begun an inquiry into Facebook’s latest privacy policies."	
149	FB	"Daily Report: F.T.C. Raises Questions About Facebook’s New Privacy Policy: Facebook, which has repeatedly tripped over its own feet when changing its privacy practices, has stumbled yet again."	
150	FB	"Twitter vs. Facebook: A Tale of Two Sites: All eyes are on Twitter as it prepares for an initial public offering of stock, and many are comparing it to Facebook, which went public last year. How do the two social networking sites actually compare?"	
151	FB	"Iranians Gain Access to Facebook and Twitter: The government’s longtime firewall had forced Iranians to use special software to access the sites, and it was unclear whether the opening Monday was the result of an official decision or a glitch."	"Twitter’s Plans May Run Into China’s Attitudes Toward the Internet: Twitter has opportunities to sell advertising to Chinese enterprises, but it may do well to pay attention to the Chinese government’s efforts to win allies for its approach to managing the Internet."
153	FB	"Facebook Removes Dating Ads Featuring Photo of Dead Girl: The social network apologized for ads placed by a dating service that featured photos of Rehtaeh Parsons, a Canadian girl who committed suicide in April after she had been cyberbullied over an alleged rape."	
162	FB	"Facebook Now Allows Users to Search Timelines: Facebook said people can now search “status updates, photo captions, check-ins and comments” from both their own timelines and those of their friends, as the company continues to target Google and other search outlets."	
164	FB	Social Networks in a Battle for the Second Screen: Facebook and Twitter are vying to become the nation’s digital water cooler as they woo networks and advertisers.	Exploring the Challenges and Opportunities in the New Communication Climate: An exploration of the challenges and benefits that come as environmental communication moves to social networks and the Web.
171	FB	Facebook Buys Israeli Maker of Data Compression Software for Mobile Web Effort: Onavo may help Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg reach his goal of bringing low-cost mobile Web access to billions.	
172	FB	"Dear Twitter, Please ‘Like’ This: While social networks copy each other’s features all the time, is it time for Twitter to adopt Facebook and Instagram’s “like” button?"	
173	FB	"Facebook Eases Privacy Rules for Teenagers: Teenagers will now be able to post items that can be seen by the public, making it easier for the social network to turn a post into an ad that can be shown widely."	
174	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Shifts Its Rules on Privacy for Teenagers: Teenagers will be able to share posts with everyone, not just their friends, a new policy that simultaneously gives youths more freedom and improves Facebook’s ability to market to them."	
175	FB	Politics in the Facebook Age: A reader foresees uglier and more personal attacks on candidates.	
176	FB	"Mark Zuckerberg Starts Spending His Billion-Dollar Charitable Fund: The Facebook co-founder, who pledged 18 million shares of Facebook stock to charity last December, is beginning to direct that money to various causes, including an investment in a Massachusetts start-up and a contribution to a group promoting com..."	
178	FB	"Social TV Ads (Sort of) Come to Facebook: A social advertising company is offering a new product that will synchronize ads to run on television and Facebook at the same time. It offers modest competition to Twitter, which has a more sophisticated TV ad targeting product."	"Hollywood Stars Ask N.S.A. to Stop Mass Surveillance: Oliver Stone, Maggie Gyllenhaal, John Cusack and Wil Wheaton team up with the Electronic Frontier Foundation for a video that criticizes spying practices and companies that have cooperated with government requests for information."
180	FB	Instagram Will Begin Showing Ads in the Photo Stream: The popular photo and video sharing service owned by Facebook will begin showing ads to its 60 million users in the United States in the next week.	"Freedom of Speech Online: A college student writes that freedom, however flawed, is better than censorship."
181	FB	Researchers Draw Romantic Insights From Maps of Facebook Networks: Two computer scientists analyzing Facebook data found that spouses and romantic partners in the strongest relationships tend to act as bridges to different parts of a person’s social world.	Twitter Prepares to Feed New Hunger for I.P.O.’s: The social media giant is entering one of the strongest markets for initial public offerings in three years.
183	FB	"Mobile Ads Fuel a Jump in Profit at Facebook: Profits doubled in the third quarter, and the social network reported that mobile ads now accounted for about half its advertising revenue."	
189	FB	"Twitter as the Yin to Facebook’s Yang: Twitter’s more muted approach more clearly benefits prospective investors, the author contends."	
190	FB	"Merging and Splitting iPhoto Events: You can change photo groups that iPhoto automatically makes for you. Also, guarding your privacy on Facebook."	
192	FB	"In Europe, Thousands of Requests for Facebook Data: Richard Allan, the director for public policy for Facebook in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said the company received 8,500 requests from the European Union affecting 10,000 user accounts during the first six months of this year."	
194	FB	"Daily Report: Snapchat Waits for a Better Offer Than Facebook’s: The rising social media platform, popular with teenagers, rejected a buyout offer worth billions of dollars because its founders believe making a deal now would leave billions more on the table."	"Rejecting Billions, Snapchat Expects a Better Offer: Snapchat, a social media service, has become one of the most sought-after businesses in the technology industry."
195	FB	Facebook Reasserts Posts Can Be Used to Advertise : The company says it made more clear that postings and other personal data can be used in advertising on the site and reiterated that includes information from teenage users.	
198	FB	"What’s He Really Like? Check the Lulu App: Lulu, a female-friendly social networking app, lets users anonymously review their male Facebook friends, with scores appearing under a rated man’s profile picture."	
213	FB	Facebook to Join S.&P. 500: Facebook stock jumped close to 4 percent in after-hours trading on news that it would join the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index at the end of next week.	Instagram Direct Takes Photo-Sharing Private: Instagram Direct would let users send private photos and videos to their friends.
214	FB	Kosovo Attains Status (on Facebook) It Has Sought for Years: Nation: Kosovars can now register Kosovo as their home country on Facebook. Their leaders fought hard for what they see as a validation of sovereignty.	"$3 Million Prizes Will Go to Mathematicians, Too: Yuri Milner, the Russian entrepreneur and philanthropist, announced the Breakthrough Prize in Mathematics, the latest of his lavish cash awards to scientists."
216	FB	"In Facebook News Feeds, Here Come Commercials: Starting this week, Facebook will introduce video advertisements into the news feeds of its users, a push for more ad revenue that may not be liked by everyone."	
218	FB	"Facebook to Offer More Shares to the Public: When the markets open on Monday, Facebook will be a member of the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index."	"The Ties that Bind Transgendered Communities: Ostracized by Indian society, hijras, or men who identify themselves as women, find ways to form their own families."
229	FB	Pay-Per-Like: Companies are paying small armies of people in developing countries to “like” their Facebook pages.	
233	FB	"Skeptical of Facebook, Until the Checkbook Came Out: Josh Miller, who once wrote that Facebook has “an irreversibly bad brand,” has accepted its buyout offer for Branch and Potluck, his social network services."	
235	FB	"A Social Media Marketer Assesses Facebook’s Advertising Platform: There may be a billion people on Facebook, says Jeff Gibbard, but no business needs to reach a billion people."	Fukushima Radiation (Still) Poses No California Risk: Fresh coverage of the lack of radiation risk in California from the Fukushima disaster.
236	FB	"Facebook Rolls Out Its Version of Trending Topics: The social network is adding a module to its news feed that will suggest popular topics of conversation on the service, customized for each user."	"Wheelies: The Better Efficiency Now Edition: An automotive panel in Detroit says 54.5 m.p.g. is possible with current technology; Subaru expects to sell 500,000 vehicles a year in the United States by 2016."
238	FB	"Daily Report: Homegrown Social App Dominates Chinese Market: Weixin, a fast-growing app from the Chinese Internet company Tencent, is no mere copy of any existing service, and its success may thwart Facebook’s ambitions in China."	
243	FB	"Did Big Internet Companies Handicap Start-Ups in FISA Rule Changes?: A small but significant caveat, in a new agreement brokered between the Obama administration and Google, Facebook, Yahoo and Microsoft could cast a long shadow over America’s technology start-ups."	"Jason Calacanis Shoots for Human Moments in News Feeds: A rush of new entrants to new media involves people. The latest, called Inside, is a news aggregator that aims to ignore news aggregators and point people to original content (if they want more after reading a 40-word digest.) Other new business, ..."
244	FB	"Flipping the Switches on Facebook’s Privacy Controls: If you value your privacy, using the service means determining not only what you want to share, but also who gets to see it."	"Atlanta’s Residents and Officials Turn to Social Media Amid Snowstorm Chaos: With snow and ice paralyzing Atlanta and other parts of the Southeast, people turned to social media to make pleas for help and offer assistance."
245	FB	"Facebook Unveils New Tool to Read Posts and News: The social network is introducing Paper, a visually focused iPhone application that makes it easier for a user to scan a news feed and discover new content on the service."	
246	FB	"As Facebook Turns 10, How Has It Transformed Your Life?: Did you meet your mate through the site? Start a business? Reconnect with an old friend? Tell us how Facebook has changed your life."	
247	FB	"Makers of Paper App Ask Facebook to Change Its New App Name: FiftyThree, the maker of a popular app called Paper, is asking Facebook to change the name of a new app that is being released Monday, also called Paper."	
248	FB	"The Other Super Bowl Contest: Twitter vs. Facebook: Advertisers were chattering far more on Twitter than on Facebook during the big game, according to a social media platform that analyzed the traffic."	
250	FB	"Facebook and Football: Yes, every day humans post billions of likes and send trillions of messages, but there is a connective power in sports that goes beyond pixels."	
252	FB	"Sorting iPad Apps by Name: A method to sort apps alphabetically, and how to edit the Facebook “Look Back” greatest-hits movies."	
255	FB	Daily Report: Facebook Settlement on Ads and Privacy Comes Under Fire: A class-action settlement intended to ensure that Facebook obtains consent before using people’s images or other data in ads is about to receive another legal challenge.	
257	FB	"Is Instagram Another Path to Riches for Facebook?: The photo- and video-sharing service offers a powerful way for fashion, retail and travel brands to connect with customers, according to a new research report. If Facebook begins to aggressively market e-commerce and advertising on Instagram, it w..."	
258	FB	Advisers on Facebook Deal Could Earn More Than $80 Million: The two advisers who helped Facebook make its largest acquisition to date stand to earn tens of millions of dollars for their work.	
259	FB	Modeling the Financial Logic for Facebook’s Huge Deal: A new Reuters Breakingviews calculator shows how the social networking giant can bring the messaging start-up’s valuation in line with its own.	"The Other Big Winner in the WhatsApp Deal: Your Wallet: By helping people bypass exorbitant texting fees charged by mobile carriers, WhatsApp saved heavy users of texting a lot of money. There’s a larger lesson here for all telecom carriers."
260	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Bets on Users First and Profits Later: The social networking giant’s agreement to buy the messaging start-up WhatsApp for up to $19 billion is risky, but follows a trend in valuing the number of users over revenue."	"The Founders of WhatsApp: Operating under the radar, the creators of the app have worked to fulfill a singular vision: Create a good messaging service."
261	FB	"Facebook Stock Not So Different Than Bitcoin: The risk for Facebook and Bitcoin, respectively, is that someone creates a better social network or decentralized digital currency, writes Rob Cox of Reuters Breakingviews."	
267	FB	Now Facebook Has a Drone Plan: Facebook is in discussions to acquire a manufacturer of high-altitude drones for about $60 million. The purchase would allow the social network to advance its ambitions of connecting everyone in the world to the Internet.	
268	FB	"With Move to Limit Gun Sales, Facebook Is Caught in Debate: Under pressure from law enforcement and advocacy groups, Facebook took steps Wednesday to regulate gun sales on its site as well as on its photo-sharing app Instagram."	
269	FB	"Facebook’s Gun Sale Changes Could Be Hard to Enforce Around the World: The social media company’s new rules have riled both gun enthusiasts and gun-control advocates in the U.S. In other countries, a tangle of regulations will complicate matters."	"To Spur Traffic at News Sites, Just Travoltify: John Travolta’s mispronunciation of a name at the Oscars led the website Slate to create a feature to do the same with anyone’s name — the kind of interactive game now driving Web traffic."
270	FB	Icahn Discloses He’s Now on Facebook: The billionaire investor said in a regulatory filing on Friday that he planned to start using the social network as another platform for his activism campaigns. He is already on Twitter and has his own corporate blog.	
271	FB	"Popular Demand: Facebook usage remained constant at 58 percent from 2013 to 2014, while Instagram grew from 12 to 19 percent overall. Snapchat surged 10 points to 13 percent penetration, and is used by 46 percent of younger users."	Anne Rice Reviving the Vampire Lestat: “Prince Lestat” is set for release in October.
274	FB	"Facebook’s Zuckerberg Complains to Obama Over Government Spying: In a public post, Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, says the U.S. government “should be the champion for the Internet, not a threat.” He said he called the president on Wednesday to complain about the latest revelations of spying by the..."	
275	FB	"Mark Zuckerberg’s Call to Obama Was Not About Privacy: What Facebook’s founder is really concerned about is Internet security, which also happens to protect the interests of his company."	"Spring Cleaning Who Has Access to Your Data: As spring comes into view, it’s time to manage which apps and services have access to your social accounts and can see everything you’re doing."
276	FB	"Measuring the Facebook Cover Photo: Plus, how to share iTunes files between computers."	"Battle on for stakes in Alibaba debut: The battle is on for a piece of the Alibabba listing- it would be a big win for the NYSE or the Nasdaq, not to mention a long list of underwriters all vying to get part of the huge deal."
279	FB	"Facebook’s Hack, a Language of Tech Competition: The world’s biggest social network introduced on Thursday a new open-source software language that is focused on helping to build interactive web pages. Besides winning geek credibility, it’s the latest version of a decades-old effort in tech to w..."	Data drown out Yellen rate talk: Summary: Stocks rebound as economic data improve without help from housing; 29 of 30 U.S. banks pass Fed’s annual stress exam; Nike easily races past estimates.
282	FB	"Facebook in $2 Billion Deal for Virtual Reality Company: Facebook announced that it had reached an agreement to buy Oculus VR, the maker of a virtual reality headset, in a bet that social networking will one day become an immersive, 3-D experience."	"A Ranking of Top Executives by Their Employees: The chief executives of LinkedIn, Ford Motor Company, Northwestern Mutual, Goldman Sachs and Intuit were among the top scorers in Glassdoor’s ranking of the leaders at 51 big companies. Yahoo and General Electric anchored the bottom."
283	FB	"After Facebook’s $2 Billion Deal, Some Virtual Unreality in the Stock Market: Shares of two relatively unknown companies, Oculus Innovative Sciences and Oculus VisionTech, surged on Wednesday, possibly benefiting from a case of mistaken identity among investors."	"On Eve of M.&A. Conference, Deal Makers Feel Hopeful, but Still Wary of Activists: A poll of mergers bankers and lawyers finds that deal makers remain hopeful that acquisitions will continue, but they remain wary that dissident shareholders will still do their best to stir things up."
284	FB	"Daily Report: Inventor Behind Oculus Rift, a Virtual Reality Sensation: Facebook’s acquisition of Oculus VR has brought attention to its co-founder Palmer Luckey and the Southern California tech scene where his company took root."	
285	FB	A New Facebook Lab Is Intent on Delivering Internet Access by Drone: Facebook is creating a laboratory to devise a way to provide web access from solar-powered drones or perhaps other “connectivity aircraft.”	"Smartphones, the Disappointing Miracle: People from Earth’s most remote corners have something in common: They all download apps, interacting with the mobile Internet billions of times a day, and they all feel frustration at slow loads and app crashes. A new report shows how much work i..."
290	FB	"Who Are You on Facebook Now?: The social network customizes “gender” with 50 different choices, including non-binary, androgyne, gender questioning and neither."	
294	FB	"Twitter and Facebook Wield Little Influence on TV Watching: New research suggests that when Americans decide to watch a television show, they’re not paying much attention to social networks."	
295	FB	"‘I’m 5’2, but I Identify as Heidi Klum’: Facebook’s new labels for gender identification cause one to ponder the possibility of so many more."	
296	FB	"With Purchase of Drone Maker, Google Sees a Fleet of Satellites: Following in Facebook’s footsteps, Google said Monday that it had purchased Titan Aerospace, the maker of high-altitude drone satellites, which will be used to take photos of the earth and to connect people to the Internet."	
297	FB	"Facebook Requires Users to Install Separate Messaging App: The social network is removing messaging from its smartphone app, requiring users to install a separate piece of software to restore the feature. Facebook says the strategy will speed up the user experience."	
298	FB	"Times Minute | Korean Ferry Tragedy: Hundreds missing and feared dead of the South Korean coast. Also on the Minute, Kathleen Sebelius weighs a Senate run and Facebook’s big gamble on apps."	"Game of Drones: It just might be the right time for a “Top Gun” sequel, considering we’re already on the highway to the danger zone."
299	FB	"Facebook’s New Twist on Location Sharing Puts Users in Control: The social network is rolling out a new feature, Nearby Friends, that allows mobile users to broadcast their general location to their friends. But simple privacy controls give users the power to decide how much more to share."	
300	FB	"Insider Trading Cases and Automakers’ Earnings: An appeals court will look at two hedge fund traders’ convictions, G.M. and Ford will release their first-quarter earnings, and Facebook, too, will post its quarterly results."	
302	FB	"Facebook Profit Tripled in First Quarter: The company reported 1.28 billion monthly users, most on mobile devices, and easily exceeded analysts’ expectations for revenue and profit."	
304	FB	"Answering Readers’ Questions About the Baseball Maps: Although Facebook data must be taken with a grain of salt, the results broadly match up with findings from other sources."	
305	FB	"How to Back Up iTunes Podcasts: Shows can be saved manually, but there are also ways to automatically keep files backed up. Also, blocking Facebook game requests."	"Despite Twitter Backlash, New York Police Dept. Plans to Expand Social Media Efforts: Commissioner William J. Bratton is determined to use social media to promote the New York Police Department, even after encountering a flood of negative attention on Twitter."
307	FB	"It’s a small world, after all.: An increasing number of Facebook users have friends in other countries, although the degree to which this is true varies by nation."	
308	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook to Enhance Privacy Controls: The company’s move is part of its goal to become a platform on which other apps run, with Facebook accounts used as universal IDs."	Game Legend Carmack at Center of Oculus Dispute: John Carmack is one of the most celebrated technical wizards in the video game business. Now his involvement with the virtual reality start-up Oculus VR is prompting accusations from his old employer that he went too far in helping the company imp...
310	FB	"Advertisers Seek a ‘Second Screen’ Connection With Viewers: Companies try to reach multitasking television watchers through their smartphones, tablets and laptops with Twitter and Facebook posts that are relevant to popular programs."	
314	FB	"A Patent Surfaces Detailing a Facebook Smartphone: While reports of a Facebook phone have been circulating for years, a Facebook patent filing has surfaced that shows the exploration of a unique smartphone with touch pads on the rear and side of the device."	"For the Love of Being ‘Liked’: For social-media users, a mass anxiety of approval seeking seems far more suited to a high school prom than a high-functioning society."
315	FB	"Popular Demand: General Sentiment scores social activity across sources like Facebook, Twitter, RSS feeds, blogs, forums and article comments. In the four weeks to April 27, fans of “How I Met Your Mother” and “Game of Thrones” drove frequent mentions of their TV..."	
316	FB	Which Team Do You Cheer For? An N.B.A. Fan Map: Highlights from a map of N.B.A. fandom based on Facebook “likes.”	
323	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook, in Shift, to Tighten Privacy Settings: The change in default settings and the person-by-person review, which may surprise users who suddenly realize how widely their personal information has been shared, is a sharp reversal for Facebook."	
324	FB	"Times Minute | Facebook Privacy Moves: Also on the Minute, the latest N.S.A. bill is weaker than expected, and A.O Scott reviews “X-Men: Days of Future Past.”"	
333	FB	"Facebook Under Fire for Temporarily Blocking Pages in Pakistan: Citing pressure from the Pakistani government, Facebook said it blocked left-wing political pages and a popular rock band, Laal, whose members spoke out against Taliban."	
335	FB	"Facebook Hires From PayPal to Focus on Messaging: The company announced that it had hired David Marcus, PayPal’s president, to lead the expansion of messaging products — and eventually, to figure out how to make money from them."	
337	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook to Give Users More Control Over Marketing Data: The service plans to announce that it is going to give its users the ability to see the marketing files that it keeps on them and change, add or delete data from them."	
340	FB	"Facebook Releases Slingshot for Self-Destructing Selfies: On Tuesday, Facebook rolled out Slingshot, a stand-alone app that lets users share photo and video messages that are then meant to disappear."	
341	FB	"The Non-Disappearing Web Reacts to Facebook’s Slingshot: Facebook on Tuesday unveiled its latest social offering, Slingshot, which is designed to allow people to send ephemeral messages. The web had a lot to say about this latest offering."	"Yahoo Reveals Work Force Data, Joining Tech’s Small Diversity Parade: The Internet company joins Google, LinkedIn and a host of older tech companies in disclosing the gender and ethnic breakdown of its work force."
344	FB	"When Advertising on Facebook Can Be a Waste of Money: If a business buys ads from Facebook and the ads generate likes from people or accounts who aren’t really interested in the business, advertising dollars have been wasted."	
347	FB	"Facebook Mirrors Tech Industry’s Lack of Diversity: The social networking company disclosed that 31 percent of its workers globally are women. In the United States, Facebook’s management is overwhelmingly white and male."	
348	FB	"Daily Report: Effort by Facebook to Safeguard Data From the Law Fails, For Now: The New York district attorney’s office demanded account details of 381 people for an investigation that led to indictments on Social Security fraud charges."	
349	FB	"Facebook Tinkers With Users’ Emotions in News Feed Experiment, Stirring Outcry: Last week Facebook revealed that it had manipulated the news feeds of over half a million randomly selected users to change the number of positive and negative posts they saw."	"On the Next Docket: How the First Amendment Applies to Social Media: A man says the violent rap lyrics he posted on social media were art, but he was locked up for threatening his ex-wife. The Supreme Court will weigh in next term."
351	FB	"After Uproar, European Regulators Question Facebook on Psychological Testing: The social network is facing potential investigations in Europe on whether it broke local privacy laws by manipulating the emotional content of users’ posts without their consent."	"Swear Off Social Media, for Good or Just for Now: Those concerned about their online profiles have a range of options, from deactivating their accounts completely to limiting who sees past posts."
352	FB	"Privacy Group Complains to F.T.C. About Facebook Emotion Study: The Electronic Privacy Information Center said Facebook deceived its users and violated a consent decree with American regulators with a study that manipulated the emotional tone of the news feeds of 700,000 users without their explicit consent."	
353	FB	"Social Anxiety: For some people, social media offer a respite from shyness. Others say Facebook is just as bad — or worse than — real life."	
355	FB	"Tangled Web of Memories Lingers After a Breakup: Scrubbing painful memories from Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and other sites can be a challenge."	
361	FB	"Coming Soon to Social Media: Click to Buy Now: Twitter and Facebook, which are fighting for the attention of social media users and advertisers, both announced baby steps into the world of e-commerce on Thursday."	
363	FB	"Facebook and Apple Posting Quarterly Earnings This Week: When Apple announces its quarterly results on Tuesday, the power of the iPhone will be put to the test."	"When Struggling Families Spark Internet Rage: Brenda Ann Kenneally’s photographs of the economically depressed city of Troy, NY, provoked a furor on the Internet last week. Can photography inspire compassion, too?"
365	FB	"Facebook’s Profit Propelled by Mobile: Mobile devices accounted for nearly two-thirds of the social networking company’s revenue, which rose 61 percent over the same quarter last year."	"Twitter, Like Other Big Tech Companies, Comes Up Short on Diversity: The social media company’s report on employees’ gender and ethnic backgrounds is the latest in a string of reports indicating that when it comes to diversity, the tech industry has “a lot of work to do.”"
366	FB	"Daily Report: Mobile Advertising Lifts Profit at Facebook: Mobile devices accounted for nearly two-thirds of the social networking company’s revenue, which rose 61 percent over the second quarter of 2013."	
368	FB	"3 Killed in a Facebook Blasphemy Rampage in Pakistan: A mob of about 1,000 stormed through a minority Ahmadi neighborhood in a Pakistani city, leaving a woman and her two granddaughters dead."	
370	FB	"Curalate Expands Its Analytic Tools to Cover Facebook, Instagram and Tumblr: One client’s dress had been shared on Tumblr 40,000 times — and the client had no idea."	
373	FB	"Daily Report: Turning Users Into Customers at Facebook: To grab some of television’s ad dollars, Facebook is trying to help advertisers reach potential buyers with exacting precision."	
374	FB	"New Buying Strategy as Facebook and Google Transform Into Web Conglomerates: A buying spree among technology companies has revolutionized the venture capital business model, Steven Davidoff Solomon writes in the Deal Professor."	"Unmasking the Mystery Mac Spell-Checker: Plus, where to get old photographs digitized."
377	FB	"Facebook’s Change of Face: Alongside family photos and cat videos, Facebook feeds now include commentary on the Israel-Palestine conflict. To longtime users, the shift is jarring."	
388	FB	"Facebook Takes Steps Against ‘Click Bait’ Articles: The company says it adjusted the algorithm that ranks news items to divert attention from articles that tempt readers with a headline, but offer little more."	"Save the Fav, Twitter’s Digital Body Language: Twitter is changing what happens when you press “favorite” in response to a tweet. The move could put an end to one of the most useful nonverbal cues on the Internet."
391	FB	"Irish Panel to Pick a Regulator With Global Reach in Overseeing Data Privacy: The commissioner will be responsible for protecting the rights of those who use technology services outside the United States, including many users of Facebook, LinkedIn and Apple."	
392	FB	"Ireland’s Data Privacy Regulator Will Have Global Sway: A five-person panel of civil servants and privacy experts will choose a data protection commissioner, who will have a large say in how Internet giants including Facebook and Apple use online information from roughly a billion users."	
397	FB	"Facebook’s Feeds Give Videos a Boost: Facebook is announcing new tools for video producers, as use of the network to share video grows."	
399	FB	Congratulations! You Fooled Facebook (Maybe): Certain phrases may give your Facebook posts more reach — but is gaming the social media giant really possible?	
406	FB	"Reporting Bad Behavior to Facebook: Plus, how to turn off alerts on your Kindle Fire HDX."	
408	FB	John Lewis: Comic Book Hero: Representative John Lewis of Georgia talks comic books on Facebook.	
409	FB	"Making Adjustments in the Search for the Perfect News Feed: Companies like Facebook and Twitter are experimenting with their feeds, sometimes to the chagrin of users who like things the way they are."	
410	FB	"Women’s Rights Activist Executed by ISIS in Iraq: Sameera Salih Ali al-Nuaimy, an Iraqi lawyer known for her work promoting women’s rights, was killed by a firing squad after she posted comments on Facebook condemning the militant group."	
411	FB	"Facebook Lawsuit Over Search Warrants Can Proceed, a Court in Manhattan Rules: An appellate decision paves the way for oral arguments over whether Manhattan prosecutors violated the constitutional rights of 381 users by obtaining search warrants for nearly everything in their files."	
412	FB	"With New Ad Platform, Facebook Opens Gates to Its Vault of User Data: The company is introducing an advertising platform that will allow marketers to use its vast knowledge of consumers on other websites and mobile apps."	"From Around the World, Support for Hong Kong Protesters: The democracy movement in Hong Kong is gripping people’s imaginations around the world and inspiring many small but impassioned demonstrations of support. Partly fueling them is the Asian city’s large diaspora."
413	FB	On (and Off) Facebook: Responses to a Sunday Review essay about the Facebook habit.	Cat Kicker Incites Aggressive Prosecution: A Reporter’s Notebook: Stephanie Clifford supplies an inside look at her reporting on the case of a man who is accused of kicking a cat in Brooklyn.
414	FB	"‘Twilight’ to Be Revived in Short Films on Facebook: Five aspiring female directors will be chosen to make short films based on “Twilight” characters, and the mini-movies will be shown exclusively on Facebook next year."	
416	FB	Facebook Receives European Approval for $19 Billion WhatsApp Deal: The European Commission approved the deal despite vocal opposition from telecom companies concerned that the acquisition will harm their messaging and voice businesses.	
417	FB	"Facebook’s Shuttle Bus Drivers Seek to Unionize: Some of the drivers, who work for a contractor and put in 15-hour split shifts, are seeking representation by the Teamsters."	
418	FB	"Facebook Developing App That Allows Anonymity: The app, which is expected to be released in the coming weeks, reveals a different, experimental take on Facebook’s long-established approach to identity."	
421	FB	"Malala on Social Media: Jodi Kantor, a New York Times correspondent, talks with Malala Yousafzai about why she isn’t on Facebook or Twitter."	
425	FB	"In Facebook’s Deals for WhatsApp and Oculus, Lessons on Stock vs. Cash: Facebook decided to pay for some recent deals mostly in stock rather than cold hard cash, a move that cost it billions more, Steven Davidoff Solomon writes in the Deal Professor column."	
427	FB	"Facebook Sues Lawyers for Pressing Dubious Ownership Case: The company says the former lawyers for Paul Ceglia, a New York man who claimed that Mark Zuckerberg had given him a large stake in Facebook, continued to argue his case despite knowledge that his evidence was fabricated."	
428	FB	Liberals Less Friendly to Opposing Views on Facebook: A new study on politics and media – including social media – sheds some fresh light on how the political echo chamber is reverberating online.	
429	FB	Meet Facebook’s Mr. Nice: Arturo Bejar is trying to create empathy among teenage users to curb cyberbullying and harassment.	"Twitter Offers Tool, Digits, to Sign In to Apps With Just a Phone Number: The social network unveiled a tool that software developers can use to let people more easily log on to smartphone apps."
430	FB	Facebook’s Rooms App Is a Flashback to Internet Bulletin Boards: The mobile-only app is separate from Facebook’s social network and allows users to create discussion rooms in which anyone can participate using a pseudonym.	
431	FB	"Shining a Light on Nosy Apps: Plus, creating a fund-raising page on Facebook."	"What We’re Reading: New York Times reporters and editors highlight great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Mark Leibovich, Elisabeth Rosenthal and others."
432	FB	The Social Network That Pays You to Friend: Tsu plans to share revenue with its users. Is it the democratic social network that Facebook critics have been calling for?	
433	FB	"Seeking Bipartisanship? Listen to Taylor Swift on the Jersey Shore: Facebook published a glimpse of the cultural similarities and differences between Republicans and Democrats, based on pages they “liked.”"	
437	FB	"More Voters Track Candidates by Smartphone: New research suggests that you are probably reading this piece of political news on your smartphone, by way of Facebook or Twitter."	
438	FB	Facebook Has Its Own Get-Out-the-Vote Message: The social network is using its vast reach into virtually every American household to urge adults to vote in Tuesday’s elections. The effort mirrors Facebook’s push in other countries’ national elections this year.	"A New App for Travel Meet-Ups: Tripr, a new digital application, helps travelers connect with others who will be at the same destination."
441	FB	"Facebook Makes Its News Feed a Little Less Frustrating: The social network rolled out new tools Friday to give users more control over what they see on its main screen. Facebook has made improving its news feed a top priority, and more changes are coming soon."	"Paternity Leave: The Rewards and the Remaining Stigma: When a new father takes time off from work, his whole family can benefit. But maybe his career won’t."
446	FB	"Facebook Will Curtail Unpaid Ads by Brands: The company said it was responding to feedback from its users, who were complaining about too many promotional posts."	"Virtual Reality Fails Its Way to Success: For decades, V.R. was a complete flop. But now with the nausea-free Oculus Rift, it may be a total win."
450	FB	Facebook Shuttle Bus Drivers Vote to Unionize: The bus drivers say they are inadequately paid and endure a stressful work schedule of split shifts.	
453	FB	"The Slippery Slope of Silicon Valley: Are tech companies like Uber, Google and Facebook ethically challenged?"	
455	FB	"A Facebook Change Makes It Harder for Political Campaigns to See Your Friends: The move to limit access is good for users’ privacy, but also probably for Facebook’s bottom line."	
457	FB	"What Is a True Threat on Facebook?: To protect free speech, the government should prove that a speaker intended to make a threat before it can put him behind bars."	
461	FB	Will We Finally Be Able to Search Facebook Posts?: The social network says it will give English-language users in the United States the ability to search the content of Facebook posts to unearth specific bits of information that are currently difficult to find among the more than one trillion post...	"Warm West Coast Reception for China’s Web Czar (Chillier in Washington): Lu Wei, the de facto head of China’s Internet policy, was greeted warmly by tech executives, but faced strong criticism from officials in Washington."
465	FB	Court Weighs Facebook’s Right to Challenge Search Warrants on Users’ Behalf: A five-judge panel in Manhattan must determine if the company can intervene when it believes the government’s request tramples on the right of customers to be protected from unreasonable searches.	
467	FB	"Unlike Father and Brother, Jeb Bush Does Digital Rollout: Former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida has been flexing his tech savviness, announcing plans to publish an e-book and proclaiming that he’s exploring the possibility of a presidential run by tweeting a Facebook post."	"Chinese Internet Companies Gain Ground in Global Advertising Competition: China, the No. 2 market for digital advertising, has become so important to marketers that Alibaba and Baidu, two Chinese companies that operate almost entirely within their home country, have become two of the largest ad sellers in the world."
468	FB	Still Mastering Facebook. Do I Really Need to Learn Snapchat?: Small businesses experiencing “social media overload” must decide which platforms they’ll embrace and which ones they’ll avoid.	
470	FB	"Citigroup Says Instagram Is Worth $35 Billion: Facebook’s $1 billion acquisition of the photo-sharing app now looks like quite the bargain, according to a new analysis."	"Millions of Fake Instagram Users Disappear in Purge: The photo and video sharing service is deleting fake and spam accounts, resulting in sharp drops in the number of followers listed for top celebrities and brands."
471	FB	"Facebook Says Experiments Prove Ads on Its Site Can Spur Donations: But some of the processes the company used were opaque, so a number of questions remain unanswered."	
474	FB	Facebook’s Last Taboo: The Unhappy Marriage: One particular change in relationship status remains a difficult subject to raise online.	"In Advertising, It’s About Who Gets Credit for the Sale: Oracle’s purchase of Datalogix sheds a light on an important side of the digital advertising business: connecting an ad you see with a product you buy."
475	FB	"Daily Report: Pinterest Opening Its Boards to Ads on Wide Scale for First Time: On New Year’s Day, the digital scrapbook Pinterest will start selling advertising, competing with Google, Twitter and Facebook for marketing revenue from the biggest consumer brands."	
476	FB	"Managing Mail on the Mac: Also, guides for Android users and news from Facebook, including a reminder that a new privacy policy goes into effect Jan. 30."	"American Workers Say Internet Makes Them More Productive: A new survey by the Pew Research Center finds that e-mail is very important to three-fifths of American workers, while social media is a blip on the charts."
477	FB	"ThinkUp Helps the Social Network User See the Online Self: A service lets a person monitor his or her Facebook or Twitter account, for more awareness of one’s online image."	
480	FB	"When Mark Zuckerberg Likes a Book, Sales Soar: The chief of Facebook has created a new book club, setting off a torrent of orders for its first selection, “The End of Power” by Moises Naim."	"Daily Report: Getting the Apps to Talk to Each Other: As people spend more time using apps, their Internet has taken a step backward, becoming more isolated — more like the web before search engines."
483	FB	"Blocked In: Questions about parking disputes, relationships, unwanted gifts and declining a Facebook invitation."	"What We’re Reading: Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Nick Bilton, Quentin Hardy and others."
485	FB	Facebook Will Push Amber Alerts to Users’ News Feeds: Facebook will use its geographic targeting technology to spread the word about abducted children through the news feeds of its American users.	
487	FB	"Facebook Looks to the Workplace for Future Growth: The world’s largest social network of individuals is making a move into the corporate world, hoping to organize the workplace the way it has organized personal relationships."	
488	FB	"Facebook Offers Artificial Intelligence Tech to Open Source Group: The company, which operates an advanced lab for artificial intelligence research, is donating to an Open Source AI project tools it says can make parts of machine learning work 23 times faster."	Hacker’s List Struggles to Keep Up With Its New-Found Fame: The roughly three-month-old online meeting place for hackers and people who want to hire them reports getting a flood of unexpected visitors.
489	FB	"How Your Facebook Likes Could Cost You a Job: Researchers say a computer model can predict your personality based on your Facebook Likes, and such predictions could one day be used in hiring, banking and more. But should they?"	"Obama’s Social Media Team Tries to Widen Audience for State of the Union Address  : An Internet-savvy staff aims to reach new audiences for the president’s message, sidestepping the skeptical filter often applied by White House reporters."
493	FB	"Facebook Is Said to Block Pages Critical of Muhammad to Avoid Shutdown in Turkey: An employee said the company had acted to comply with an order from a court in Turkey, whose government has not hesitated to cut access to services like Twitter and YouTube for political reasons."	
494	FB	Facebook Briefly Falters After Malfunction: Facebook said the cause was an internal malfunction rather than a cyberattack.	
495	FB	"Facebook Sales Beat Forecasts, but Expenses Increase Even Faster : A big increase in stock payouts to employees helped push expenses up, and the stock was down in after-hours trading."	
500	FB	Coming to Your Facebook Feed: More Political Videos: Candidates are still struggling to use them effectively — to cut through the clutter of other videos and postings.	
505	FB	"Facebook Takes Its Hardware Designs to a Giant Scale: The social networking giant has open sourced a new kind of computer networking switch that is says enables big, fast, efficient data centers for everyone."	
514	FB	"I Have Been Silenced: By means of a nasty cyberattack, my three Sudan-related websites became unusable to all who visited my Facebook page on February 21, 2014. I believe the Khartoum (Sudan) regime is responsible."	
517	FB	"An Uneasy Relationship Between Telecom and Tech : Large mobile carriers and tech giants like Facebook and Google rely on one another, but they are competing to be consumers’ main source for Internet use on mobile devices."	
519	FB	"Jerry Saltz, New York Magazine Art Critic, Suspended From Facebook: Mr. Saltz said that his access to his Facebook account had been suspended because of complaints; he believes the cause was provocative images of art that he posted."	
521	FB	"French Court Rules It Has Jurisdiction Over Facebook in Nude Painting Case: A court says it can rule in a case against Facebook over suspending a user’s account over a link to a documentary on a Courbet painting, “The Origin of the World.”"	
523	FB	"Facebook’s Status Update for Computing: The latest development in Facebook’s push of open-source hardware: a new kind of networking switch, a powerful low-energy computer server and a steadily-increasing number of partners."	
525	FB	Zuckerberg Lawsuit Documents Show Animosity With Would-Be Neighbor: Documents filed Wednesday accuse the Facebook chief executive of reneging on a promise to introduce a would-be neighbor to powerful Silicon Valley friends.	"InMobi Plans to Stay Independent, Dismissing Rumors of Talks With Google: The chief executive of the Indian mobile advertising start-up denied reports that the company was discussing a possible acquisition by Google."
527	FB	"Facebook Clarifies Rules on What It Bans and Why: The world’s largest social network is trying to help users better understand what is allowed on the service, and is also issuing a report on government requests to take down content."	
528	FB	"Facebook Announces a Payments Feature for Its Messenger App: The feature will at first be limited to people who are Facebook friends, but Wall Street expects that such transactions will become a big business."	"Sharing Files via Dropbox With People Who Don’t Have an Account: When sending files using Dropbox, a service that stores documents in the cloud, it’s not necessary for the recipient to also use the service."
529	FB	Daily Report: You Can Now Send Your Friends Money on Facebook: The social network’s new feature will allow Facebook friends to send payments to one another through the Messenger app. Wall Street expects such transactions to become a big business.	"PlayBuzz Rides Quizzes and Lists to $16 Million in Financing: A partner at the venture capital fund 83North, which led the round of investment, said that his firm had been drawn to PlayBuzz because it provided a means for any website to attract readers."
530	FB	"Former Employee Sues Facebook for Sex and Race Discrimination: Chia Hong, a woman of Taiwanese descent, claimed that during her three years working for the social network, she faced discrimination, harassment and retaliation and was unfairly fired."	
533	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Wants to Be Home to News Media: The social media giant is said to be in talks with several news publishers, offering to deliver their content quickly, in exchange for a certain loss of control over their readership."	
534	FB	Parrying the Latest Predictions of Facebook’s Demise: A theory making the rounds in Silicon Valley warns that Facebook relies too heavily on app ads from start-ups inflated by venture capital. But the threat is overblown.	"Messaging Apps Offer Do-It-All Services in Bid for Higher Profits: Messaging apps with a multitude of features, such as mobile payment portals and games, can walk a fine line between convenient and overwhelming."
535	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook’s High-Stakes Bet on Drones to Deliver Internet Service: In the high-stakes competition for domination of the Internet, Facebook is under pressure to show that it, too, can pursue projects that are more speculative than product."	
539	FB	‘Scrapbooking’ Our Children Into Facebook: How to give your baby her own Facebook page without breaking the rules.	
540	FB	"Uber Hires a Security Chief From Facebook: Joe Sullivan, the ride-hailing company’s new chief security officer, will work in areas like securing driver data, and driver and passenger safety."	Antitrust and Other Inquiries in Europe Target U.S. Tech Giants: New developments offer the latest sign that American tech giants face intensifying scrutiny in Europe that could curb their profits in the region and affect how they operate around the world.
543	FB	"Turkey’s Online Censorship: The country has been pressuring Google, Facebook, and Twitter to remove content critical of its government."	Will the Apple Watch Make Us Happier?: Maybe we actually want our mobile devices to be less addictive.
544	FB	"The Gap Between Auto Dealers and Social Media: Carmakers embrace social media and spend millions of dollars on sophisticated marketing campaigns, but many dealers barely maintain a Facebook page."	
545	FB	"On Social Media, Teens Aren’t So Different After All: Among teenagers, Facebook is still more popular than newer social networks like Snapchat."	
550	FB	"How Many Fingers Does Hillary Clinton Have Up? … Five!: In celebration of National High-Five Day, Hillary Rodham Clinton’s campaign team took to Facebook with an animation of Kate McKinnon, her doppelgänger on “Saturday Night Live.”"	"Hey, Kids, Look at Me When We’re Talking: The strain of getting young people to turn from their screens and look into other people’s eyes."
553	FB	"Facebook’s Growth Slows Slightly, but Mobile Shift Intensifies: The company said that three-quarters of its first-quarter ad revenue and most of its visitors came from mobile devices."	
554	FB	Daily Report: Facebook’s Earnings Underline a Shift to Mobile: The company said that three-quarters of its first-quarter ad revenue and most of its visitors came from mobile devices.	
556	FB	"British Conservatives Suspend Candidate for Anti-Semitic Facebook Slur: The candidate, Gulzabeen Afsar, suggested that the leader of the opposition Labour Party, Ed Miliband, was unfit to succeed the leader of her party."	
557	FB	"Casting Early Presidential Vote Through Facebook by Clicking ‘Unfollow’: Many users are whittling adverse viewpoints, resulting in the kind of polarization experience more often associated with MSNBC or Fox News."	Europe’s Google Problem: The politics behind the European Union’s antitrust charges against the American Internet giant.
563	FB	"Daily Report: Silicon Valley Remembers Dave Goldberg: The worlds of technology, entertainment and politics converged to remember the chief of SurveyMonkey, who was also the husband of Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook."	
564	FB	Trucking Company Shows Facebook Road to Future: Both Swift Transportation and the social networking giant face shareholder votes to dump feudalistic dual-share structures.	
565	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Use Polarizing? Site Begs to Differ: Almost 29 percent of the news stories displayed by Facebook’s News Feed present views that conflict with the user’s own ideology, the study found."	"What We’re Reading: Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting interesting stories from around the web. In this installment, great reads from John Branch, Lynda Richardson and others."
567	FB	Israel Jails Palestinian Who Applauded Militant Attacks on Facebook: A father of six was sentenced to nine months in jail in a rare case in which statements on social media were regarded as a crime.	
568	FB	How Facebook’s News Feed Will Change on Mobile: A representative of one participating publisher said the social network’s new format for presenting news articles to iPhone users was “buttery smooth.”	
569	FB	"Publishers Send Diverse Group of News Articles in Facebook Debut : In the first day of Facebook Instant Articles, readers mostly saw an eclectic mix of articles rather than a clear signal of what is to come."	"Uber and Internet Giants Assail New York City’s Plan to Bolster Rules for Car-Hire Apps: Under the proposal, smartphone app operators must get city approval to modify certain changes to any app used to arrange vehicles for hire."
571	FB	"As Beyoncé Visits Haiti, Facebook Users Show Skepticism: A post by the American Embassy in Haiti was met with criticism over such celebrity visits and frustration with the pace of rebuilding since the 2010 earthquake."	"Snapchat: A New Mobile Challenge for Storytelling: Talya Minsberg, a social media editor, describes one of The Times’s latest social experiments: using Snapchat to tell stories."
573	FB	"Hillary, Jeb, Facebook and Disorder: Huge disruptive inflections in technology, the labor market and geopolitics have the 2016 presidential candidates in a leadership quandary."	
575	FB	Soul-Searching as Ireland Prepares to Vote on Same-Sex Marriage: The New York Times asked readers on Facebook who live in Ireland how the referendum is being discussed in their family.	"Young Saudis, Bound by Conservative Strictures, Find Freedom on Their Phones: Confronted with an austere version of Islam and strict social codes, they increasingly rely on apps and social media for self-expression and liberation."
576	FB	"Daily Report: As Facebook Sweeps Across Europe, Regulators Gird for Battle: The European Court of Justice is expected to issue a preliminary decision over whether the social network giant can continue transferring data between Europe and the United States."	"Who’s the Watchdog? In Europe, the Answer Is Complicated: Reforms aimed at answering this question are expected by the end of the year, with domestic privacy regulators eager to hold on to the power to police activities in their own countries."
580	FB	The Court and Online Threats: The Supreme Court was right to reverse the conviction of a man who posted graphically violent messages on Facebook about his former wife and others.	"Supreme Court Overturns Conviction in Online Threats Case, Citing Intent: The justices, ruling in the case of a self-styled rapper angry at his estranged wife, said prosecutors must prove comments were intended as threats."
583	FB	"Mark Zuckerberg, Let Me Pay for Facebook: “Free” social networking sites cost more than we think."	"Sheryl Sandberg’s Post on Late Husband Sets  Off Meditations on Grief: Sheryl Sandberg’s post on her late husband, Dave Goldberg, marking the end of a 30-day mourning period, has sparked numerous meditations on grief."
589	FB	"Facebook Offers a Glimpse of Oculus Rift Goggles: The company outlined ambitious plans for the virtual reality headset, but didn’t actually demonstrate the product."	
594	FB	"Log On and Hit ‘Like’ … Facebook Measures the Candidates: Hillary Rodham Clinton, Bernie Sanders and Rand Paul did well from mid-May to mid-June in their likes, posts, comments and shares, according to interaction figures released by Facebook."	"What We’re Reading: Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting interesting stories from around the web. In this installment, great reads from Peter Applebome, Peter Baker and others."
601	FB	"Zuckerberg Takes Questions in Facebook Session Marred by Tech Troubles: Facebook’s chief responded to ordinary users and celebrities like Arnold Schwarzenegger about the nature of happiness and the future of social media, but the session went offline for several minutes."	"June 30, 2015 — Pictures of the Day: Photos from Afghanistan, Syria, Indonesia and the United States."
602	FB	"Facebook Wins a Round in Austrian Court Case: Max Schrems, an Austrian law student, had accused the social media giant of violating Europe’s tough privacy rules."	"July 1, 2015 — Pictures of the Day: Photos from Switzerland, Germany, Greece and Indonesia."
606	FB	"Facebook’s New Female-First ‘Friends’ Icon: The symbol change is a step in the right direction, but when it comes to representation, Facebook needs to do more."	
607	FB	"Facebook Gives Users More Control Over Their News Feeds: Facebook announced a set of features that will give users more control over what they want to see in their news feed. In essence, you get to reprogram the social network’s algorithm."	"Donald Trump’s Comments Resonate With Some in G.O.P.: There are some Republicans rejoicing and strongly supporting in Donald J. Trump’s comments about Mexicans, including the conservative radio commentator Rush Limbaugh."
608	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Said to Seek Licensing Deals for Music Videos: If the company, which has been expanding its video offerings, can strike a deal with music labels, it could rival Google’s YouTube."	
613	FB	"Deleting Facebook Comments in Mobile Apps: Also, the hurdles in managing the Control Center in iOS 8."	Morning Agenda: Samsung C&T Shareholders Reject Elliott’s Activism: Samsung C&T Shareholders Reject Elliott’s Activism | Greek Exit Prospect Remains | Online Lending Inspection | Elusive Convictions
614	FB	"In Facebook Chat, Hillary Clinton Tells of Her Love of Pantsuits, and Jabs Her Rivals: Hillary Rodham Clinton dished out some news on her philosophy of financial regulation, proclaimed her love of pantsuits and threw some jabs at her Republican rivals in her inaugural Facebook chat as a presidential candidate on Monday."	
615	FB	"Facebook Loses Appeal on New York Search Warrants: A New York appeals court agreed with a lower court that only a defendant could challenge a search warrant, and then only during a hearing before a trial."	
618	FB	"Egyptians Turn to Facebook to Highlight Decrepit Public Facilities: Feeling more and more isolated from their government, Egyptians have posted images online to lament the miserable state of their surroundings."	
621	FB	"Daily Report: The Tough Realities of a Twitter Turnaround: Even with a new interim chief, Twitter is dealing with the same old problem of anemic user growth. The focus shifts on Wednesday to Twitter’s more successful rival, Facebook, and its quarterly results."	"Yahoo Offers New Mobile Chat Service Featuring Silent Video: Last year, Yahoo all but gave up on updating its Messenger mobile apps. Now, the company is introducing a new, decidedly quirky messaging app with a surprising combination of features."
622	FB	"A Facebook Project to Beam Data From Drones Is a Step Closer to Flight: The company said its unmanned aerial vehicle, intended to bring Internet access to remote areas, is ready for tests in the upper atmosphere, most likely in the United States."	"July 30, 2015 — Pictures of the Day: Photos from Pakistan, Israel, Nepal and India."
623	FB	"Mark Zuckerberg Posts on Facebook: After Miscarriages, We’re Having a Baby: The chief executive of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, disclosed that he and his wife, Priscilla Chan, are expecting a baby girl. The road to get there wasn’t easy."	"July 31, 2015 — Pictures of the Day: Photos from West Bank, United States, La Réunion and Malaysia."
627	FB	Facebook Joins the Live-Streaming Crowd With a Service for Celebrities: Facebook has joined the live-stream scene with a video service that airs clips as they’re happening — but it’s only for famous people.	Photographs Most Muscular: Brian Finke wanted to go beyond the glistening muscles and dramatic poses and get at the spirit and personalities of competitive bodybuilders.
634	FB	"Facts & Figures: Bernie Sanders Gets an Online Upswing: Facebook interest in the senator from Vermont more than doubled last week, according to The New York Daily News."	
638	FB	"Unseen Burdens in Chrome That Can Lead a Mac to Lag: Determining whether a browser might be the source of a computer’s sluggishness, and a look at Facebook’s “authentic identity” policy."	"Have You Cut the Cable Cord?: “Never looking back,” said one of a number of readers who have given up cable."
639	FB	"Italian Neighbors Build a Social Network, First Online, Then Off: An idea that began with a Facebook page started by two people looking to make friends has expanded beyond the narrow confines of Via Fondazza in Bologna."	"August 24, 2015 — Pictures of the Day: Photographs from Syria, Serbia, Malaysia and Britain."
641	FB	Facebook Tests a Digital Assistant for Its Messaging App: Facebook is wading into the increasingly crowded field of digital personal assistants with a new offering called M.	
646	FB	Icelanders Use Facebook to Open Door to Refugees: Iceland’s prime minister has said a council of ministers would explore how the island nation could take in migrants.	
647	FB	"Facebook Takes a Step Into Education Software: A small team at the social media giant is developing the educational software, which is being used in about 30 schools but has much broader ambitions."	
650	FB	"Matt Jacobson, Facebook’s Gatekeeper for Hollywood: As he takes on more responsibility working with television and movie studios, he is also pursuing an interest in fashion."	
652	FB	"Greenwich Village Townhouse Sold for $22.3 Million: A four-story Greenwich Village townhouse was the sale of the week, and the likely buyer was a Facebook founder."	
654	FB	"Stuck With Low Polling, Bobby Jindal Swings at Donald Trump: The latest effort by Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana attacking Donald J. Trump comes in the form of a web video on Facebook that mocks Mr. Trump’s descriptions of his knowledge of foreign policy."	
655	FB	"Daily Report: Fast Reaction to Facebook Adding a New Button: Minutes after Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook announced that the company would soon begin testing a button to express negative emotions on the social network, reaction started pouring in."	Paid Leave for Moms and Dads: Reporter’s Notebook: Noam Scheiber offers insight into his article on Time Warner’s settlement with a former CNN correspondent who said the company’s parental leave policy discriminated against fathers.
660	FB	"Fall TV Season Opens Onto a Shifting Ad Landscape: Traditional television might reach big audiences, but social media outlets like Facebook and Twitter can offer cheaper ways to connect with specific groups."	
664	FB	"No, You Don’t Need to Post a Facebook Copyright Status: A post making the rounds on Facebook urges users to declare their photographs and other information protected by copyright, but it has no legal merit."	"September 29, 2015 — Pictures of the Day: Photos from Greece, Germany, Afghanistan and South Africa."
668	FB	"Facebook Reaches Deal to Beam the Internet to Africa With a Satellite: The American social network has partnered with Eutelsat, a French satellite provider, to bring a selection of free Internet services across sub-Saharan Africa through a new satellite in the second half of next year."	"Tech Giants Top Best Global Brands List: Apple and Google, along with other technology companies, made it into the top 10 of Interbrand’s annual report."
669	FB	Data Transfer Pact Between U.S. and Europe Is Ruled Invalid: The decision by the European Court of Justice throws into doubt how tech giants like Facebook and Google can use digital data from millions of users.	"Seven Ways Parents Can Help 13-Year-Olds Start Their Social Media Lives Right: Start benignly, with Instagram, monitor their lurking, and do plenty of lurking yourself."
671	FB	Facebook to Test Emoji as Reaction Icons: The new reaction icons will be available to most Facebook users in Spain and Ireland by the end of this week.	"In Europe-U.S. Clash on Privacy, a Longstanding Schism: The two sides say they are close on data sharing, but there is no timetable and their objectives are profoundly different."
683	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Goes to India … Again: Facebook’s Internet.org effort has been criticized as an attempt to promote the company’s own interests. This week, Mark Zuckerberg, the social media giant’s chief executive, is expected to discuss the project during a visit to New Delhi."	Morning Agenda: Uber Said to Plan Another $1 Billion in Fund-Raising: Big Questions for Valeant | Earnings Misstatements Come in Bunches
685	FB	"Mark Zuckerberg, in India, Defends Facebook’s Plan to Expand Internet Access: He said that Internet.org, which offers a stripped down version of the Internet to minimize data use, had one million members in India and 15 million users globally."	"For American-Israeli Teacher, Death Came on the No. 78 Bus: A family bade farewell to Richard Lakin, who was shot and stabbed to death on a bus in Jerusalem at the height of this month’s violent uprising."
689	FB	"The Facebook Intifada: Social media companies try to control hate and violent incitement on their sites, but are they doing enough?"	
690	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook’s Turn to Show Its Earnings Report Card: Facebook is scheduled to announce its quarterly earnings on Wednesday, after a mixed bag of results for other social media companies this earnings season."	
691	FB	Chris Christie Seeks to Capitalize on a Widely Shared Personal Moment: A video posted by The Huffington Post of Chris Christie speaking about his mother’s addiction to cigarettes and his friend’s death from addiction became one of the most watched videos on the news website’s Facebook account.	
693	FB	Obama Starts Personal Facebook Page: A White House team is working with the president on his social media presence.	"Law Firm Loathed by Tech Expands to Industry’s Home Turf: A class action firm that routinely targets tech companies is opening an office in San Francisco, not far from many of the companies it has sued."
694	FB	Facebook Complaint: The lawsuit filed against Facebook and its directors over directors’ compensation.	How Much to Pay a Director? There’s No Clear Answer: Tired of high chief executive compensation? You’re probably not going to like the latest issue du jour: rising director pay.
695	FB	Facebook’s Notify App Funnels Custom Updates Onto Phone Screens: Facebook is introducing a new iPhone app that lets users sign up for custom notifications from a selection of about 70 news outlets and information providers.	
701	FB	Facebook to Make Breaking Up Easier to Do: Facebook has added an awkward wrinkle to breaking up with someone. But the social media giant has a new tool that helps automate the process of moving on with your life.	
704	FB	Pop Facebook Quiz: Should You Take It?: Hundreds of quizzes created by a single company on the social network are creating a privacy concern.	
708	FB	"The Curious Incident of the Duct-Taped Dog on Facebook: Animal rights supporters are increasingly playing detective online, calling out abuse and calling the authorities."	
709	FB	"Zuckerberg on Donating Facebook Shares: In a video released by Facebook, the company’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, and his wife, Dr. Priscilla Chan, explained why they have decided to devote nearly all their wealth to charity."	
710	FB	"Controlling the Visibility of Your Facebook Profile: Find out how to see your profiles like others see it, whether they are friends or not, and how to block your page from search engines."	"How Mark Zuckerberg’s Altruism Helps Himself: Mr. Zuckerberg set up a limited liability company, which has reaped enormous benefits as public relations coup and will help minimize his tax bill."
711	FB	"Daily Report: Mark Zuckerberg Explains His Use of Limited Liability Company: After a deluge of questions and criticism about the structure of a philanthropic organization that Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Dr. Priscilla Chan, set up, the Facebook chief executive decided to respond."	"Mark Zuckerberg Defends Structure of His Philanthropic Outfit: A limited liability corporation, he says, offers flexibility for the mission he and his wife have chosen, not a way to avoid taxes."
715	FB	Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook Reassures Muslim Users: Mr. Zuckerberg’s new openness on social media has met up with business considerations.	"Citadel Investigating Images of Cadets in White Hoods: The Charleston, S.C., military college said it was looking into images that showed seven cadets with white pillowcases on their heads, evoking a likeness to the Ku Klux Klan."
719	FB	"Facebook and Uber Follow Asian Rivals in Plan to Enhance Messenger App: For Facebook, the collaboration represents a step in the development of an all-purpose communications app, while Uber stands to gain new customers."	
720	FB	"A Culture Gap the Size of an Ocean, Bridged by Facebook: An Italian-American man, 75, leaps across generational and technological chasms to find common ground with a Saudi Muslim woman nearly a half-century younger."	
724	FB	Indian Regulators Suspend Facebook’s Free Basic Services: Regulators ordered Facebook’s Indian partner to stop offering a free package of Internet services while it considers rules to govern all such programs. It is the latest setback in India for Mark Zuckerberg’s Internet.org project.	"Ghosts in the Machine: Social media has changed the way we mourn, for the better. "
726	FB	"Quashing Clones on Facebook: If someone has duplicated your Facebook account, the company has a series of steps to take to report it, including legal ones."	"Daily Report: The Financial Challenge When Free is the Norm: In India, most Internet content is viewed for free, particularly on YouTube. It is not an arrangement that will be easily changed."
729	FB	"Egypt Officials Stop Facebook Program for Free Access to Internet: The program, Free Basics, began in October and had drawn more than three million Egyptians."	
731	FB	"Jordan Releases Muslim Brotherhood Official From Prison: Zaki Bani Rushaid, the deputy leader of the Muslim Brotherhood in Jordan, served 13 months in prison for criticizing the United Arab Emirates in a Facebook post."	
736	FB	"Daily Report: One Grand Experiment Ends for a Facebook Co-Founder: The decision by Chris Hughes, a Facebook co-founder, to put The New Republic up for sale is a reminder of the unusual places Facebook money has ended up, with unusual outcomes."	
741	FB	"Posting Animated GIFs on Facebook: GIFs cannot just be uploaded directly to Facebook. Instead, they need to be linked to from their location on the web."	
742	FB	"Sarah Palin’s Facebook Fans Say Backing Donald Trump Is Disingenuous: Sarah Palin maintains a community of millions of Facebook fans, and while some cheered her endorsement of Donald J. Trump this week, others called her a sellout of conservatism who was only seeking another moment in the political spotlight."	
743	FB	Opposing Factions Take to Facebook in Oregon Wildlife Refuge Dispute: The occupiers and federal officials are trading volleys over who is better at protecting and conserving American Indian artifacts.	
746	FB	"Man Claims to Have Details of Oregon Shooting: A man claiming to have been traveling with one of the Oregon protesters during an encounter with the police, Mark McConnell, posted on Facebook that the protester, LaVoy Finicum, “charged” at the police before he was shot."	"Protecting Personal Information From Virtual Assistants: In order to be of use, assistants like Cortana and Siri need to know a lot about you. Reading the companies’ privacy statements can give you an idea of how much."
747	FB	"Facebook to Shut Down Parse, Its Platform for Mobile Developers: Facebook is shutting down Parse, a toolkit and support system for mobile developers, which it acquired in 2013."	
748	FB	"Facebook Moves to Ban Private Gun Sales on Its Site and Instagram: The ban, which does not apply to posts by licensed gun dealers, will also apply to the company’s photo-sharing service."	"#Match4Lara: Mixed-Race Marrow Search That’s Going Viral: Lara Casalotti’s search for a stem cell donor that matches her Italian, Thai and Chinese ancestry has gone viral, attracting international attention and scores of new potential donors."
750	FB	"U.S. and Europe in ‘Safe Harbor’ Data Deal, but Legal Fight May Await: The agreement would let businesses like Google and Facebook continue to move personal data across the Atlantic, but European privacy officials may balk."	"Magic Leap, an Augmented Reality Firm, Raises $793 Million: Magic Leap has drawn attention for attracting investors like Google, Fidelity Investments and Warner Brothers, although it has shown the public little about its products."
752	FB	"Virginia: Under Scrutiny, Teen Dating Site Is Removed : Facebook has taken down from its site group called Teen Dating and Flirting, which stirred outrage over its sexually explicit content after the recent murder of a 13-year-old Virginia girl."	
754	FB	"Facebook Loses a Battle in India Over Its Free Basics Program: India has banned free mobile programs that allow Internet access only to certain services, a strategy employed by Facebook with its Free Basics project that was called antithetical to net neutrality."	
755	FB	"Daily Report: A Net Neutrality Setback for Facebook in India: In the United States, the social media giant has been an advocate of equal treatment of all Internet content. In India, regulators who share that belief have effectively blocked a free Facebook service."	"Staying Sober After Treatment Ends: Increasingly, continuing care for addicts in recovery means more than handing them a list of A.A. meetings when they leave rehab."
756	FB	Marc Andreessen Apologizes After Facebook Disavows India Comments: Mark Zuckerberg denounced remarks by Mr. Andreessen on Twitter that Indians were being shortsighted by banning Facebook’s Free Basics project.	"Tech Stocks Have Fallen Faster and Further Than Broader Market: As the stock market continues its 2016 slide, technology stocks are falling even further, victims partly of their own success."
763	FB	Facebook Open Sources Wireless Gear: The social networking giant wants virtual reality everywhere. That means getting hardware costs down.	"A Do-It-Yourself Revolution in Diabetes Care: Parents of children with diabetes have led an egalitarian push for improved technology to monitor the condition, and to even develop cheaper insulin."
769	FB	How Did You Manage a Breakup on Facebook?: Facebook is testing tools to make it easier for users to manage their interactions on the social network after a breakup.	
770	FB	Brazilian Judge Releases Facebook Executive: Diego Dzodan was freed a day after he was arrested over Facebook’s noncompliance with orders seeking information from a WhatsApp messaging account.	Morning Agenda: Shale Baron Is Charged in Rigging of Leases: Tenure Voting Could Shift Power Balance | SABMiller Sells Stake in Top Beer | Even Traders Are Confused by Stock Exchange Prices
772	FB	"Facebook, in Accounting Change, Could Pay Millions More in British Taxes: The company will report sales linked to its British operations, mostly digital advertising, through its local subsidiary rather than its Irish unit."	
773	FB	"Oberlin Leaders Denounce Professor’s Remarks as ‘Anti-Semitic’: The board of trustees told the college to consider possible action against the professor, Joy Karega, after she posted incendiary comments on Facebook."	"Tech Companies, New and Old, Clamor to Entice Cloud Computing Experts: As some tech sectors show signs of slowing, cloud services have created remarkable demand for highly educated engineers and mathematicians. And they are being compensated very well."
782	FB	"With ‘Smog Jog’ Through Beijing, Zuckerberg Stirs Debate on Air Pollution: When Mark Zuckerberg, of Facebook, posted a photo of his run Friday, he set off reactions that ranged from mocking to genuine concern about his health."	
783	FB	Tech Leaders on China’s Economy: Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook and Jack Ma of Alibaba discussed the state of the Chinese economy at a forum in Beijing on Saturday.	Morning Agenda: Banks Pull Financing From Coal Industry: Sherwin-Williams to Buy Valspar | Starwood Says Anbang Has the Superior Offer
785	FB	Square Teams Up With Facebook to Offer Ads That Can Be Gauged: The online payments company will allow its customers to buy and target Facebook ads and then use sales data to assess the impact of those ads.	
789	FB	"Facebook’s Live Videos Get Lots of Looks but No Money Yet: Despite the appeal of the nascent product, any revenue gain for broadcasters remains a vague promise."	"Instagram Is Changing Its Feed, but (Calm Down) Not Yet: Another social media giant is tinkering with what users see, although probably not for weeks. And be careful about asking for notifications."
790	FB	"Live, on Your Mobile Device, It’s Facebook: Since Facebook started its live video feature in February, media companies have been swooning over the possibilities it presents."	
791	FB	"Facebook Live, Annoying and Intrusive, Seems to Be Paying Off: The service’s new live video notifications are suddenly outstripping the regular news feed and zapping maybe millions of extra pockets."	
794	FB	Facebook Groups Act as Weapons Bazaars for Militias: Facebook posts suggest evidence of large-scale efforts to buy and sell weapons as large as guided missiles in the Middle East and North Africa.	"F.B.I. May Have Put Down Sword, but Privacy Debate Goes On: The F.B.I. won’t say what it found on the San Bernardino gunman’s iPhone, and WhatsApp says it has encrypted all communications, as the push-pull over digital privacy continues."
798	FB	"Facebook to Bring Chatbots Back: At the F8 Facebook developers conference, the Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg unveiled an update to the Messenger app that will allow people to communicate online orders directly to a business, through a bot."	
800	FB	Send Us the Political Ads You See on Facebook: The Times wants to learn more about how political campaigns are targeting voters with online advertising. Install this tool to share with us the ads you see.	
802	FB	"Media Websites Battle Faltering Ad Revenue and Traffic: Changes in technology like ad blocking, and the dominance of platforms like Facebook leave many publishers unsure of how they will make money."	
805	FB	"‘Buddy Check on 22!’ Veterans Use Social Media to Fight Suicide: Facebook pages, video challenges, mobile apps and other tools engage the bonds forged on the battlefield as a platform for prevention."	"What Chatbots Reveal About Our Own Shortcomings: Silicon Valley has fallen in love with A.I. assistants, but so far they’re hardly impressive. Is it the industry’s fault, or is it ours?"
807	FB	"Facebook Aims to Drive Down Tech Prices to Expand Its Reach: The social network wants to triple its 1.6 billion global users, but to do that, it will have to make connecting to the Internet much less expensive."	
809	FB	"All Eyes on Facebook to Lift Tech’s Dismal Spirits: Facebook is scheduled to release its quarterly results on Wednesday, and its performance is expected to brighten the shadow cast by Apple, Google and others."	"Google Shuts Out Competitors on Android? Hardly: The European Union is arguing that Google’s mobile operating system does not offer enough diversity of product, but consumers swamped in preloaded apps would disagree."
810	FB	Morning Agenda: Yahoo Gives Starboard Value 4 Board Seats: A Hedge Fund Herd Loses Billions | Facebook Plans to Solidify Founder’s Control	
811	FB	How You’re Making Facebook a Money Machine: The social media addiction of customers is feeding astonishing profits.	"And Now, I Unfollow Thee: The pleasures — and complexities — of severing social media ties."
814	FB	Must Suspicions About Personal Health Be Shared With an Insurer?: The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on what you’re obliged to reveal when applying for long-term-care insurance and whether to call out a relative’s bigoted Facebook posts.	
815	FB	Facebook Has 50 Minutes of Your Time Each Day. It Wants More.: The average person spends more time on Facebook than any other leisure activity surveyed by the government except watching TV and movies.	
816	FB	Facebook Has Put a Spell on You: The company’s recent quarterly results had lots of good numbers: More users and revenue and a big profit. But time spent on its platforms was the real stunner.	
818	FB	"Senator Demands Answers From Facebook on Claims of ‘Trending’ List Bias: John Thune, Republican chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, wants a response to a report that Facebook suppressed conservative articles."	Using Tweets and Posts to Speed Up Organ Donation: A grateful recipient of a new heart has inspired a drive to vastly enlarge the pool of prospective organ donors.
819	FB	"Facebook’s Bias Is Built-In, and Bears Watching: Its algorithms are as infused with bias as any human decision, but neither it nor its audience thinks of Facebook as a news organization with editorial responsibilities."	
820	FB	"Another Company With a Cause: Is Google Just Being a Good Citizen?: With its move on payday loans, it joins other powerful players like Facebook and PayPal in taking a stand on social issues, but deepens concerns about overreach."	
821	FB	"Facebook and the Problem With News Online: It’s not easy for a computer, or a human, to decide what is an unbiased take on the world."	Morning Agenda: Swift Reports a New Attack: Apple Invests in Uber’s Rival in China | Minnesota Law School Cuts Admissions | Trump’s Chief Fund-Raiser Heads Straight to Las Vegas
823	FB	"Facebook Moves to Repair Its Fractured Relationship With the Right: The social network, which had already been criticized for the voicing of liberal views by top executives, is now rebutting claims that its news curators engaged in anti-conservative bias."	
824	FB	"Facebook’s Conservative Charm Offensive: The social network, rebutting allegations that it suppressed conservative articles, is meeting with Republican pundits and politicians to explain its process."	
825	FB	The Real Bias Built In at Facebook: What you see on the social media giant is based on an algorithm. It’s anything but neutral.	Silicon Valley’s Artificial Intelligence Marathon Is On: Google’s Home device puts it in the race to become the go-to company for A.I. — along with several rivals.
826	FB	"Facebook ‘Trending’ List Skewed by Individual Judgment, Not Institutional Bias: Facebook employees weren’t directed to squelch conservative news on the site’s Trending Topics, nor would that be easily accomplished by a staff member who wished to do so."	
827	FB	‘Happy Chewbacca’ Video Is a Conquering Force on Social Media: Candace Payne became the toast of the Internet after she streamed video of herself on Facebook as she tried on a growling Wookiee mask in her car.	
828	FB	"Facebook Controversy Is Still Trending: The social media company responded to Congressional questions about how its Trending Topics feed is managed, but some users are still wondering why the feature isn’t very useful."	
829	FB	"Women From Venus, Men Still From Mars on Facebook, Study Finds: A study of 10 million Facebook posts found that American men more likely to swear, express anger and argue; women used kinder yet more assertive language."	
831	FB	"The Times on the Air: Facebook, Falling in Love, and More: Highlights from television and radio interviews featuring reporters, columnists and editors from The New York Times."	
833	FB	"Police Say Man Posted Photo of Girlfriend’s Body on Facebook; It Lingered for 36 Hours: The Texas man was charged with murder in the stabbing of his girlfriend, and the image remained on the site before Facebook heeded her family’s calls to remove it."	American Tech Giants vs. the Nation-State: The rising tension between borderless technology and countries that cling to their cultural identities has echoes in disruptive technology of the past.
835	FB	"Shareholder Initiatives Show Their Value: A plethora of examples involving companies like Dell, Facebook and Tribune Publishing prove that shareholder votes can be of great consequence."	
837	FB	"In the Fight for Transgender Equality, Winning Hearts and Minds Online: Facebook has become a critical tool for visibility and acceptance, and is seen as contributing to the shift in mainstream attitudes toward transgender people."	
842	FB	"Facebook Offers Tools for Those Who Fear a Friend May Be Suicidal: Posts that are flagged will be reviewed by the social network, which will provide resources to the concerned friend and offer help to the person at risk."	
844	FB	"Omar Mateen Posted to Facebook Amid Orlando Attack, Lawmaker Says: The gunman raged against the “filthy ways of the west” and spoke of “Islamic state vengeance,” a United States senator revealed."	
845	FB	Man Inadvertently Broadcasts His Own Killing on Facebook Live: A 28-year-old man in Chicago who accidentally caught his own fatal shooting on video is the latest example of the “no gatekeeper” world of live streaming.	Why LinkedIn Will Make You Hate Microsoft Word: The two companies envision a world where someone’s always bothering you while you’re writing.
847	FB	"Moving Money by Messenger: In addition to its chat powers, Facebook Messenger can send payments to friends once everyone’s debit cards are linked to the service."	
848	FB	Facebook Shareholder Vote Produces Odd Results: A vote on the company’s governance was a brainteaser that suggests that institutional investors are more inclined to tick boxes than follow their heads.	"Mark Zuckerberg Covers His Laptop Camera. You Should Consider It, Too.: A photo of Mr. Zuckerberg’s laptop camera covered in tape had curious observers wondering if it was paranoia or just good practice."
849	FB	"Facebook Envy Lures Egyptian Teenagers to Europe and the Migrant Life: Egypt does not suffer from war or grinding poverty, but lack of opportunity, permissive Italian laws and the examples of other Egyptian teenagers have led to a surge in migration."	Morning Agenda: An Early Winner in the ‘Brexit Vote’: A Risky Bet on the Panama Canal | VW Shareholders Vent
850	FB	"‘Brexit’ Talk on Social Media Favored the ‘Leave’ Side: Seven of the top 20 Facebook pages with the most engagement around “European Union” were explicitly pro-exit, according to CrowdTangle data."	
851	FB	"Limiting Your Facebook Audience: If you do not want the world to see what you post on your timeline page, use the site’s settings to keep your thoughts out of public view."	
853	FB	"Facebook to Change News Feed to Focus on Friends and Family: News content posted by publishers will show up less prominently, resulting in less traffic to companies that have come to rely on Facebook audiences."	
854	FB	"Still Want to Get the News on Facebook? Read All About It: Facebook’s change to its news feed algorithm could mean you’ll see fewer articles, videos or photos shared by the media. But there’s a way around that."	
856	FB	"Twitter Brings Aboard Facebook Veteran Bret Taylor: As Twitter continues to reshape its board, Bret Taylor was appointed for his experience in consumer technologies and his prominent role with Facebook."	One Photo in Many Places: The Instagram mobile app offers an easy way to automatically post the same photo and caption information on your other social networks.
858	FB	"Critics of Police Welcome Facebook Live and Other Tools to Stream Video: After killings of black men by the police this week, scores of African-Americans declared on social media that they would equip themselves with tools to stream video live."	"My Stepmother Calls Herself Mom but Doesn’t Act Like One. What to Do?: Also, competitive tipping, roommate troubles and houseguest etiquette on vacation."
859	FB	"Facebook to Add ‘Secret Conversations’ to Messenger App: The app has long taken a back seat to the social media giant’s WhatsApp, but Facebook hopes the service will attract a global audience."	"After Poised Live-Streaming, Tears and Fury Find Diamond Reynolds: Ms. Reynolds has emerged as an influential witness in the latest shooting of an African-American at the hands of a police officer."
862	FB	"Another Night, Another Shooting on Facebook Live: Three men are badly injured as video streams the gunfire and the aftermath in Norfolk, Va."	"As Refugee Family Resettles in Sweden, 9-Year-Old Nephew Dies: Ahmad Majid is one of millions of people swept up in a global refugee crisis; his resettlement in Sweden ended when his young nephew died this week."
866	FB	Sorry for Having Insulted China? Here’s Your Chance to Apologize: A tongue-in-cheek Facebook page invites people to apologize to the country for real or perceived slights.	"Can Silicon Valley Really Do Anything to Stop Police Violence?: Tech companies love to hitch themselves to progressive causes, even if they’re beyond the industry’s grasp."
867	FB	"Ashley August on Race and Violence: You may know her from “Orange Is the New Black,” but Ashley August is also a celebrated spoken word artist. Ms. August performed her poem “The Game” for The Times’s 30 Under 30 on Facebook Live."	
868	FB	Facebook Moves One Step Closer to Light-Based Wireless Communication: Researchers from Facebook’s Connectivity Lab have created a new light detector for receiving communication signals through laser beams	
869	FB	"The Faces of Facebook: To explore diversity in a time of violence, The New York Times commissioned an illustrator to create composite portraits from live Facebook comments."	
870	FB	"Tech Behemoths Report Their Results: Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Alphabet will post quarterly earnings this week, reflecting how they are doing in online ads, mobile and cloud computing."	
872	FB	Facebook Profit Nearly Triples on Mobile Ad Sales and New Users: The social media company also said it was looking ahead to what it hopes will spur future growth: video and video advertising.	"Kid Models (and Their Moms) Trade Summer Fun for City Auditions: While their friends enjoy the freedom of summertime, these youngsters pound the pavement, carrying the weighty expectations of their parents and communities."
873	FB	"Facebook Casts a Giant Shadow Over Twitter: Facebook’s quarterly revenue is up 50 percent and its monthly users 15 percent, versus Twitter’s 20 percent growth and 3 percent rise in users."	
874	FB	"Her Husband’s Death Motivates Sheryl Sandberg to Write Another Book: Ms. Sandberg, chief operating officer of Facebook, and a collaborator will focus on hardship and resilience."	
875	FB	Sharing Video Streams on Facebook: Facebook Live makes it easy to stream real-time video from your mobile device to everybody in your world — or the world at large.	"Streaming the News: A professor writes, “These snippets may be live, but they conflate live information with news, and streaming as-it-happens video with truth.”"
876	FB	"Instagram Takes a Page From Snapchat, and Takes Aim at It, Too: The new service from Facebook’s photo-sharing app will let people share photos and videos that have a life span of no more than 24 hours with friends who follow them."	
878	FB	"Shocker! Facebook Changes Its Algorithm to Avoid ‘Clickbait’: A change in the social network’s algorithm is meant to identify misleading headlines on news stories and rank them lower, to keep users coming back."	Daily Report: The Message From Snapchat: Snooping on you to sell you stuff is so 2015. Now we willingly turn ourselves into advertisements.
879	FB	"Fatah Makes Incendiary Facebook Claim of Killing 11,000 Israelis: The party, in an effort to appeal to Palestinians ahead of hotly contested elections, also claimed to have “offered 170,000 martyrs.”"	
881	FB	"Facebook Helps Develop Software That Puts Students in Charge of Their Lesson Plans: In collaboration with a charter school network, Facebook has developed a student-directed learning platform aimed at public schools."	
882	FB	"A New Way to Reach Obama: Facebook Messaging: The White House’s public Facebook page will allow people another avenue to advise, criticize or compliment President Obama."	
885	FB	"Unlikely Facebook Friendship Saves Afghan Baby With Heart Defect: Two digital acquaintances, one in Israel and another in Afghanistan, collaborated to save a baby in Pakistan with life-threatening congenital heart problems."	
890	FB	Get Your Photos Looking Better on Facebook: The social network includes an option in the settings for displaying nicer-looking versions of the pictures you upload from your phone.	
891	FB	"Liberal, Moderate or Conservative? See How Facebook Labels You: Take these steps to discover how the social network categorizes your political leanings."	
892	FB	"Inside Facebook’s (Totally Insane, Unintentionally Gigantic, Hyperpartisan) Political-Media Machine: How a strange new class of media outlet has arisen to take over our news feeds."	
893	FB	"Relaxing Privacy Vow, WhatsApp Will Share Some Data With Facebook: The mobile messaging service, which Facebook bought in 2014, says it will disclose users’ phone numbers and analytics data."	
894	FB	Daily Report: Facebook’s Attack on Democracy: How an industry of attention-grabbing headlines and sharing racy stories promotes a culture of mutual incomprehension.	
898	FB	SpaceX Rocket Explodes at Launchpad in Cape Canaveral: The fiery blast also destroyed a satellite that Facebook had planned to use to expand internet services in Africa.	"How Tech Giants Are Devising Real Ethics for Artificial Intelligence: Four people involved in the creation of an industry partnership say its intent will be clear: to ensure that A.I. research is focused on things that will benefit people, not hurt them."
903	FB	"Facebook Restores Iconic Vietnam War Photo It Censored for Nudity: The social network was criticized for removing the image of a naked girl fleeing napalm, renewing questions about the company’s role in what can be published online."	"What We’re Reading: Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Amanda Hess, Damon Darlin and others."
904	FB	"Airbnb, a Silicon Valley Titan, Breaks Ranks in Admitting Its Power: A plan by the home-rental site to curb bias among users rejects the logic of networks like Uber and Facebook, which claim to be neutral platforms."	
907	FB	"Buy Movie Tickets on Facebook? Fandango Makes It Possible: Beginning this weekend, some Facebook users in the United States will be able to buy tickets without leaving their news feeds."	
909	FB	"A Facebook First for New York Philharmonic: Streaming Its 175th Anniversary Opener: The orchestra’s opening night, which includes Dvorak’s Symphony No. 9, will also kick off an initiative to get the whole city on the same note."	
911	FB	"Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan Pledge $3 Billion to Fighting Disease: The Facebook co-founder and his wife announced an effort to prevent, cure or at least manage all diseases by the end of this century."	
913	FB	"Facebook Apologizes for Overstating Video Metrics: The social media network was leaving out videos viewed for less than three seconds, which greatly inflated the figures presented to advertisers and publishers."	
915	FB	Facebook Ordered to Stop Collecting Data on WhatsApp Users in Germany: A Hamburg regulator said on Tuesday that neither the messenger nor its parent company had received individuals’ permission to share digital information.	
916	FB	"Protecting Humans and Jobs From Robots Is 5 Tech Giants’ Goal: The Partnership on AI unites Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft to ease public fears of machines that are learning to think for themselves."	
920	FB	"Facebook Marketplace Goes Wrong: Sex, Guns and Baby Hedgehogs: The social media giant says a technical issue allowed inappropriate content to be offered for sale."	
922	FB	Facebook Live: ‘A Day in the Life at Lincoln Center’: A daylong stream will feature the 11 arts organizations that are based there.	
925	FB	"Tech Companies Expect Free High-Speed Internet for Poorer Americans to Pay Off Later: Tech companies like Sprint, Comcast and Facebook are increasingly working to make high-speed internet available to every American."	
926	FB	"Police Use Surveillance Tool to Scan Social Media, A.C.L.U. Says: Geofeedia, a company in Chicago, has used data from Facebook, Twitter and several other networks to aid law enforcement officials in monitoring protesters, the A.C.L.U. says."	
936	FB	Trump TV Offers (Fledgling) Framework for Potential Media Future: An election show streaming on Facebook Live is fueling speculation that Donald J. Trump is laying the groundwork for a media empire to come.	
938	FB	Facebook Can Tell You What to Expect in the Voting Booth: The tool was created with data collected from election officials by the nonpartisan research group Center for Technology and Civic Life.	"Museums, the New Social Media Darlings: Institutions are reaching out to younger and global audiences, using emoji-style art history and innovative Snapchats."
939	FB	"Facebook Could Be Associated With a Longer Life, Study Finds: While the social media company cooperated with the research, it tracks other findings that social ties are linked to longevity."	
941	FB	"Facebook Defies Social Media Gravity With User and Profit Growth: The social network remained strong, topping 1.79 billion monthly visitors and nearly tripling its profit, to $2.38 billion, in the third quarter."	
944	FB	"Why Facebook Showed You That Ad for the Candidate You Hate: The reason you saw a particular campaign ad on Facebook may have nothing to do with your political views, or even your demographic profile."	
945	FB	"Pantsuit Nation, a ‘Secret’ Facebook Hub, Celebrates Clinton: The group’s stated goal is to express support for Hillary Clinton, but it has also served as a forum to discuss issues raised by Donald J. Trump’s rhetoric."	"What We’ve Learned About the Media Industry During This Election: The story of the 2016 election is not one of new media replacing old media, but of both struggling to define their roles."
948	FB	"Why Did Facebook Say I Was Dead?: On Friday afternoon, Facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized. Then things got awkward."	"Online, Everything Is Alternative Media: As witnessed in the presidential election, social networks and alternative media represent a new platform leveling the playing field with traditional news media."
950	FB	"Google and Facebook Take Aim at Fake News Sites: After criticism that they might have allowed fake news to influence the 2016 election, the companies are banning such sites from using their advertising services."	Daily Report: Twitter Addresses Troll Problem. Again.: The social network’s well-documented difficulty with users’ bad behavior may well be its biggest concern. But at least its executives admit it is a problem.
951	FB	"Facebook Acts to Restore Trust After Overstating Video Views: Facebook promises to increase use of outside measurement services for ads and to expand use of metrics services, among other measures."	"Daily Report: The Increasingly Tectonic Force of Social Media: The election of Donald J. Trump, the rise of Bernie Sanders, and the momentum behind Brexit and ISIS all show the newly global gravity of social media."
952	FB	Daily Report: Facebook Does Some Explaining on Metrics: It’s been a tough week for Mark Zuckerberg’s company. First it was fake news complaints; now it’s acknowledging bad user metrics. Neither is good.	"Fake News in U.S. Election? Elsewhere, That’s Nothing New: Social media’s political sway is a given in places like the Philippines, Indonesia and Colombia, where false news often emerges to influence the vote."
954	FB	"Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook Must Defend the Truth: As the mainstream news media work to separate fact from fiction, Facebook — which has gobbled up much of the online ad market — must do its part."	
955	FB	"Facebook Said to Create Censorship Tool to Get Back Into China: The social network, blocked in China since 2009, has developed software to keep posts from appearing in users’ news feeds in specific geographic areas, current and former employees said."	"Is Social Media Disconnecting Us From the Big Picture?: We’ve heard about its power to help us empathize with others. But what if, instead, it’s just cocooning us with our friends?"
956	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Courts China With Censoring Software: China is a tempting market for Facebook, which has been banned there since 2009. But to get in, the social network may have to compromise on its mission."	
958	FB	Facebook Runs Up Against German Hate Speech Laws: The social network’s efforts to placate German authorities provide a case study for its moves to combat fake news and hate speech online worldwide.	
959	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Spends a Month Behind the Woodshed: From fake news to a censorship tool to a slow draw on removing hate speech, the social media giant is struggling to deal with the ethics of its business."	"Is ‘Empathy’ Really What the Nation Needs?: From media pundits to tech companies, more and more people are preaching empathy — as long as it serves their own interests."
961	FB	"Sheryl Sandberg Said to Plan $100 Million in Charitable Giving: The chief operating officer of Facebook has signed the Giving Pledge, a campaign in which the world’s richest people vow to give away at least half their wealth."	
963	FB	Bhutan Faces an Important Test of Press Freedom: A prominent journalist has been accused of libel for sharing a Facebook post that alleged corrupt dealings among the elite in the Asian country.	
964	FB	"Facebook and Other Tech Companies Seek to Curb Flow of Terrorist Content: Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft announced they have teamed up to fight the spread of such content online by sharing technology and information."	Europe Presses American Tech Companies to Tackle Hate Speech: A report published by European officials said that only 40 percent of online material flagged as offensive was reviewed within 24 hours.
965	FB	"Facebook Struggles to Put Out Online Fires in Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has pushed to combat online provocation that it links to bloodshed, while Palestinians consider a crackdown on posts just another tool of repression."	
966	FB	"‘Big Social’ and Facebook’s Moral Core: Mike Isaac, a New York Times technology reporter, joins to talk about Facebook’s decision to comply with Chinese censorship regulations."	
969	FB	A Potential Hitch in Zuckerberg’s Stock Plan for Facebook: Mark Zuckerberg took a page from Google’s playbook to keep control of his company while he gives a majority of his stake away. But Facebook investors may have a lever.	"When Trump Meets Tech Leaders, Jobs Will Be on the Agenda: The executives meeting with Mr. Trump in Manhattan on Wednesday include Elon Musk of Tesla, Timothy D. Cook of Apple and Jeff Bezos of Amazon."
971	FB	Facebook Mounts Effort to Limit Tide of Fake News: Facebook said on Thursday that it had begun introducing a series of experiments to limit misinformation and false articles on its site.	
972	FB	"Daily Report: Facebook Joins Fight Against Fake News: Trying to walk a careful line of neutrality, the social network announced measures to fight fake news on the site, including partnering with groups that can help fact-check articles."	
974	FB	"Book Deal for Pantsuit Nation, Facebook Page Supporting Hillary Clinton: The group was started in late October by a 33-year-old woman. The book will maintain the random feel of scrolling through a Facebook feed."	
975	FB	"A Book Deal for Pantsuit Nation, and Then a Backlash: Some members of a pro-Hillary Clinton Facebook group are irked that the group’s founder signed a book deal based on their private community."	
976	FB	Daily Report: WhatsApp Is Embraced by World’s Immigrants: The Facebook-owned messaging tool has become a vital link between countries even as some nations try to restrict its use.	
980	FB	"Facebook’s Safety Check, Now Automated, Turns a Firecracker Into an Explosion: The social network automatically linked to a bogus article about an “explosion” in Thailand and appeared to conflate it with a 2015 bombing."	
985	FB	Facebook Hires Campbell Brown to Lead News Partnerships Team: The former NBC News correspondent and CNN prime-time host comes to Facebook as it struggles with its position as a content provider that does not produce its own content.	
988	FB	"Facebook, Nodding to Its Role in Media, Starts a Journalism Project: The effort calls for, among other things, the company to forge deeper ties with news organizations by collaborating on publishing tools and features before they are released."	Online and Scared: A critical mass of our interactions has moved to a realm where we’re all connected but no one’s in charge.
989	FB	"Silicon Valley Takes a Right Turn: Microsoft, Facebook, Google and Amazon used their PACs to support Republican Congressional candidates more than Democratic ones in 2016."	
990	FB	"Florida Man Strangled Wife, Then Impersonated Her on Facebook, Police Say: George J. McShane Jr., who posted messages to dupe his wife’s relatives about her absence, was charged with murder, according to the Orlando police."	
991	FB	"Mark Zuckerberg, in Suit, Testifies in Oculus Intellectual Property Trial: Oculus, a virtual reality company acquired by Facebook, is accused of stealing elements of the technology that went into its headsets."	How to Plan Your Next Vacation With a Chatbot: Could booking travel by text soon become the norm? Here are three chatbots that want you to book your trip with your smartphone.
992	FB	"Is Your Digital Life Ready for Your Death?: How to decide what happens to your Facebook, Google, Twitter accounts and more when you die."	"What Should a Congregation Have Told a Betrayed Wife?: The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on the responsibility of a community in a member’s time of need, when to push back on friends’ vile online commentary and more."
996	FB	Swedish Police Investigate Report of Rape on Facebook Live: The Swedish authorities arrested three men on suspicion of rape and urged people with access to images showing the episode to make them available to the police.	A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse: Mike Isaac live-tweeted Mark Zuckerberg’s testimony at a federal court last week — until it almost got him booted from the courtroom.
997	FB	"In Race Against Fake News, Google and Facebook Stroll to the Starting Line: Google and Facebook emphasized their efforts to combat the spread of false articles, but industry watchers say their measures have had little impact."	
998	FB	Daily Report: Google and Facebook Wield Buckets in Fake News Flood: Google and Facebook’s recent efforts show a new vigilance against fake news but also underline the difficulty of making dents in the problem.	
1003	FB	"Facebook’s Loss in Court Doesn’t Dim Excitement Over Huge Growth: Sales for the social media giant grew 51 percent in the most recent quarter, and a $500 million jury decision should do little to hurt its bottom line."	
1005	FB	How a Refugee’s Selfie With Merkel Led to a Facebook Lawsuit: A Syrian refugee’s 2015 picture with Germany’s chancellor came to symbolize her decision to welcome migrants. But it has been used to falsely link him to terrorism.	"Tech Opposition to Trump Propelled by Employees, Not Executives: In a court filing, nearly 100 technology companies cited the “tremendous impact” of immigrants on the United States in opposing the Trump immigration ban."
1009	FB	Facebook Takes Steps to Improve Advertising Data After Criticism: The social network said it would provide marketers with measurement data down to the millisecond and agree to let a third party audit the information.	
1012	FB	Facebook Live Killing of Dominican Journalists Leads to Arrest of 3 Men: Gunmen opened fire while one journalist was reading the news at a station east of Santo Domingo. His producer was killed in another room.	
1013	FB	Adding Facebook’s Birthday List to a Calendar Program: The social network offers a simple way to sync friends’ birthdays and other events to your regular datebook app.	
1014	FB	"Daily Report: Mark Zuckerberg’s Stand Against Isolationism: In a 5,800-word letter about Facebook’s mission on Thursday, the chief executive all but positioned himself as an opponent to some of President Trump’s beliefs."	
1015	FB	What Facebook Owes to Journalism: Mark Zuckerberg says he wants to help the news media. Here’s what he needs to do.	
1019	FB	"A Constitutional Right to Facebook and Twitter? Supreme Court Weighs In: In considering a North Carolina law that bars sex offenders from using some social media, the Supreme Court discussed how such platforms have transformed civic life."	
1025	FB	"Selfie With Merkel by Refugee Became a Legal Case, but Facebook Won in German Court: The picture of Anas Modamani with the German chancellor was used in fake news posts about terrorism, and he wanted the social media giant to prevent its use."	
1027	FB	Facebook Reports BBC to Police Over Investigation Into Child Sex Images: The move by Facebook highlights a growing debate over how and when the social network should moderate the mass of content on its site.	"‘Game of Thrones’ Season 7 Will Debut in July: Season 7 of the popular HBO fantasy series, which will be shorter than previous seasons, will debut on July 16."
1030	FB	Facebook and Twitter Could Face Fines in Germany Over Hate Speech Posts: The minister of justice said he would introduce a law requiring penalties for tech companies that did not respond quickly enough to delete illegal posts.	
1038	FB	"How to Log Off of Facebook Forever, With All Its Perks and Pitfalls: Closing your social media accounts can help protect your privacy, but it can also mean cutting yourself off from friends, family and opportunity."	
1040	FB	"Facebook Mirrors Snapchat (Again) With Stories Feature: It lets people share videos and photographs in the Facebook app that will disappear after 24 hours, similar to the Stories feature on Instagram, also owned by Facebook."	
1042	FB	"Oculus Founder, at Center of Legal Battle Over VR, Departs Facebook: Palmer Luckey’s departure came after a trial over allegations that he had stolen trade secrets from ZeniMax Media to create the Oculus’s virtual-reality technology."	
1044	FB	"It’s Not Their Pop Idol, but a Bot. Fans Cheer Anyway.: Chatbots on Facebook Messenger are changing how the music industry connects with listeners, who say they’re happy to hear even from automated versions of their favorite stars."	Portraits From the Future: Franziska Barczyk for The New York Times
1045	FB	Facebook Loses Appeal to Block Bulk Search Warrants: The case was viewed as a test of social media companies’ ability to push back on information requests from prosecutors.	Portraits From the Future: Franziska Barczyk for The New York Times
1046	FB	Tech Roundup: Facebook Loses Fight on New York Warrant Order: The social media company hoped the case could establish a right to push back against law enforcement requests for information.	
1048	FB	"What Is the Future of Identity?: We asked The New York Times audience on Facebook, “What is the future of identity?” Their answers were illustrated by Franziska Barczyk."	
1052	FB	Uganda Tries to Commit Critic of President to Mental Institution: The country’s top prosecutor sought this week to use a colonial-era law to commit a prominent critic of President Yoweri Museveni after a series of Facebook posts.	
1053	FB	"Nationwide Search and $50,000 Reward in Manhunt for Suspect in Fatal Shooting Shown on Facebook: The hunt continued for Steve Stephens, who officials said posted on Facebook a video of him fatally shooting a man in Cleveland on Sunday."	
1054	FB	"To Stay Ahead of Facebook, Snap Rolls Out 3-D Features for Messaging: The company’s stock has fallen as competitors copy the features that once made Snapchat unique."	
1055	FB	"An Artist of Emotions: We asked The New York Times audience on Facebook, “What’s your mood today?” Artist and ink-maker Jason Logan illustrated those emotions using inks he foraged from around New York City."	
1056	FB	"Before Fatal Fall, Man Fleeing Police Broadcasts Facebook Video: With the police seeking to arrest him in the robbery of a cabdriver, Jamel Chandler used Facebook’s video streaming service to share what proved to be his last moments."	
1057	FB	"What's Your Mood Today? Strong: We asked The New York Times audience on Facebook, “What’s your mood today?” Artist and ink-maker Jason Logan illustrated those emotions using inks he foraged from around New York City."	"Daily Report: F.C.C. Boss Wants to Listen to Tech After All: The industry has been on the outside looking in with federal regulators, but a meeting provides a sign that that could change with net neutrality revisions."
1059	FB	Can Facebook Fix Its Own Worst Bug?: Mark Zuckerberg now acknowledges the dangerous side of the social revolution he helped start. But is the most powerful tool for connection in human history capable of adapting to the world it created?	
1060	FB	Daily Report: Facebook Has a Bug. Can It Be Fixed?: Critics say the social media giant has played a big role in the polarization of information. But getting to the truth won’t be so simple.	
1062	FB	‘10 Concerts’ Facebook Meme May Reveal More Than Musical Tastes: Privacy experts said the specific answers posted in response to the meme could be used by marketers to target ads or by hackers to breach secure accounts.	"Behind the Cover: 4.30.17: For this week’s issue, a company’s struggles."
1065	FB	"Facebook Scrambles to Police Content Amid Rapid Growth: Mark Zuckerberg, the company’s chief executive, said he would hire 3,000 more people to monitor posts and live video as the site nears 2 billion users."	Giving the Behemoths a Leg Up on the Little Guy: The new F.C.C. chairman’s plan to slacken net neutrality rules is a boon to tech giants and a bane to competitors and innovators.
1068	FB	"Facebook Aims to Tackle Fake News Ahead of U.K. Election: The social network has taken out ads in British newspapers to warn against misinformation, though campaigners say it could do much more."	"The ‘Frightful Five’ Aren’t So Scary, as Long as They’re Competing: Tech firms are in a race to dominate consumers’ digital lives, and their services increasingly overlap each other. The convergence helps customers."
1070	FB	"Tech’s Frightful Five: They’ve Got Us: Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook and Google dominate our day-to-day activities. Imagining being forced to give up some of them could lead to hard choices."	Which Tech Giant Would You Drop?: The Big Five tech companies increasingly dominate our lives. Could you ditch them?
1074	FB	Facebook Gets Slap on the Wrist From 2 European Privacy Regulators: Data protection watchdogs in France and the Netherlands ruled that the social network had collected too much information on users in those countries.	
1076	FB	"Getting Recommendations From Facebook Friends: You can create a question post for your Facebook timeline that encourages your friends to give their advice, complete with links and maps."	"How to Fight Back Against Revenge Porn: For victims, fighting against such attacks can take years and prove costly. But there is help."
1077	FB	Daily Report: Europe Gets Tough on Facebook: The European Union’s antitrust chief fined the social media company about $122 million for providing misleading statements in its WhatsApp acquisition.	
1079	FB	"Doing a 180 on Facebook 360 Photos: Facebook converts many wide-angle panorama photos to 360-degree interactive images when they are uploaded, but you can revert to the original."	
1081	FB	Mark Zuckerberg’s Great American Road Trip: The Facebook chief plans to visit every state in the union and learn more about a sliver of the nearly two billion people who use the social network regularly.	"Student Brought Loaded Gun to Brooklyn School, Police Say: A teacher confronted the student, Daniel Barrow, on Thursday after seeing him in an online video with a gun, the police said. Mr. Barrow was arrested."
1089	FB	Facebook’s Role in European Elections Under Scrutiny: Groups and activists across Europe are pushing back against the social network over its potential impact on elections.	How to Keep Your College Admission Offer: Start With Digital Literacy: What students do and post online has real-life consequences. It’s on us to teach them that.
1092	FB	"Pakistan, in a First, Sentences Man to Death Over Blasphemy on Social Media: Taimoor Raza, 30, was convicted of posting derogatory comments about the Prophet Muhammad on Facebook and WhatsApp."	Making Google the Censor: European leaders want to force internet companies to police extremist content. But free speech and the sharing of information would suffer.
1093	FB	"What’s in Your Warm-Weather Wardrobe?: We asked The New York Times audience on Facebook, “What’s in your warm-weather wardrobe?” The artist Josh Cochran illustrated their answers."	
1095	FB	"Facebook Will Use Artificial Intelligence to Find Extremist Posts: Under pressure from governments to counter inappropriate content, the social media company will pair new technology with human moderators."	
1096	FB	Daily Report: The Limits of A.I.: Facebook wants to rely on technology to help it spot extremist content. But how do you teach a computer context?	
1100	FB	"The Aftermath: After Philando Castile is shot, his girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds, starts live-streaming the scene on Facebook."	
1103	FB	"Facebook, Free Expression and the Power of a Leak: Social media platforms aren’t bound by the First Amendment. That’s why understanding their user speech policies is so important."	
1106	FB	"Delete Hate Speech or Pay Up, Germany Tells Social Media Companies: A new law will impose fines on companies like Facebook and Twitter if they fail to swiftly remove illegal or hateful content on their platforms."	A Way to Own Your Social-Media Data: Redefining property rights to include your social-media data will unleash competition.
1110	FB	Facebook When You No Longer Care: Where can you be honest about your life if not Facebook?	
1111	FB	Daily Report: Facebook Takes Aim at YouTube’s Video Dominance: Google-owned YouTube has been the internet’s go-to destination for both viewers and would-be stars. Now it’s getting some competition from the leading social network.	
1116	FB	"Daily Report: Exploring Facebook’s Gated Communities: Only a small percentage of people on Facebook use private groups. Naturally, the company sees an opportunity for growth."	
1117	FB	China Disrupts WhatsApp Service in Online Clampdown: Facebook’s last major consumer product in China was partly blocked as Beijing increases its grip on the internet.	
1119	FB	"Daily Report: Can Facebook Woo Back Publishers?: The Instant Articles feature disappointed many publications that tried to work with the social media giant, but it is developing a tool that might drive subscriptions."	
1123	FB	"Facebook’s Profit and Revenue Surge, Despite Company Predictions of a Slowdown: Facebook executives have been cautioning investors that the social-networking giant’s growth might start to slow. The latest earnings report suggests that hasn’t happened yet."	
1130	FB	"In Singapore, Family Feud Deepens Over Facebook Posts: The prime minister’s nephew has declined to give in to government demands that he apologize for comments on social media considered critical of the country’s leadership."	
1131	FB	"Inside the Facebook Group Where N.F.L. Wives Share Anxieties and Advice: In an invitation-only group, wives grapple with issues from finding a home in a new city to living with a player’s debilitating concussive injuries."	
1133	FB	"Answering Your Questions About the Controversial Google Memo: In a Facebook Live conversation, two technology reporters discussed and responded to questions about a Google engineer’s anti-diversity memo."	
1134	FB	"How to See Van Gogh’s ‘Sunflowers’ in 5 Museums at Once? Facebook: Five versions, in institutions on three continents, will be reunited on social media, and a Facebook Live on Monday will feature live commentary on each."	"Snap Stumbles Through Another Disappointing Quarter: The company did little to ease concerns about its future, posting financial results that missed Wall Street expectations."
1135	FB	"In China, Facebook Tests the Waters With a Stealth App: The social media giant has quietly authorized the release of a Chinese version of its Moments app, a highly unusual move that raises transparency questions."	
1141	FB	"Crowded TV Marketplace Gets Ready for Three Tech Giants: The arrival of Apple, Facebook and Google means that the hypercompetitive world of scripted TV is going to become even more ferocious."	"How Hate Groups Forced Online Platforms to Reveal Their True Nature: Internet companies annexed much of our public sphere, playacting as little democracies — a charade they gave up last week."
1146	FB	"How to Avoid Phony Facebook Phone Lines: The social network does not offer help by telephone, so don’t get fooled by scammers claiming to provide personalized assistance."	
1152	FB	"Fake Russian Facebook Accounts Bought $100,000 in Political Ads: Facebook said that fake accounts and pages had bought 3,000 ads focused on divisive social issues, including race and immigration."	
1153	FB	"The Fake Americans Russia Created to Influence the Election: Posing as ordinary citizens on Facebook and building “warlists” of Twitter accounts, suspected Russian agents intervened last year in the American democratic process."	
1156	FB	"Purged Facebook Page Tied to the Kremlin Spread Anti-Immigrant Bile: The page, posing as an activist group, was one of hundreds of fake accounts Russia used in an information campaign during the election, a revelation that has put Facebook on the defensive."	"How Apps Can Make Your Vacation Better: Make a playlist of songs you heard on your trip, organize your photos by location and use a check-in app."
1157	FB	"Mystery of Russian Fake on Facebook Solved, by a Brazilian: The Times concluded that “Melvin Redick” on Facebook was a fake American created by Russia as part of its propaganda campaign. But where did the man’s photos come from?"	"The Silent Film Returns — on Social Media: Though we may still pop headphones in to watch a YouTube rant, social media has cultivated its own mute visual culture."
1159	FB	"Farhad’s and Mike’s Week in Tech: New iPhones and Facebook Ads: Two Times tech reporters discuss the week’s events and developments in Silicon Valley, including a certain Apple iPhone event."	
1160	FB	"Facebook Faces a New World as Officials Rein In a Wild Web: The web is not as open as it once was, with nation-states exerting their power over the internet. Facebook and other tech companies are dealing with the consequences."	
1162	FB	"Facebook, After ‘Fail’ Over Ads Targeting Racists, Makes Changes: Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook’s chief operating officer, promised “more human review and oversight” to make sure offensive terms aren’t used to target ads."	
1163	FB	"How to Use Twitter and Facebook for Emergency Travel Information: You don’t have to like social media, but when a natural disaster or emergency strikes, it can provide essential travel tools."	
1164	FB	"Farhad’s and Mike’s Week in Tech: A Very Bad Week for Digital Giants: Apple’s Watch has a bug, Facebook might be undermining democracy, and Amazon is telling us how to make bombs. Tech news is weird right now."	"World Leaders Urge Big Tech to Police Terrorist Content: Meeting at the U.N., the officials challenged Silicon Valley to keep terrorists from recruiting on the internet. The companies said they were trying."
1166	FB	"The More We Connect, the Better It Gets — for Facebook: Is it really better to have restricted internet access than none at all?"	"How Fake News Turned a Small Town Upside Down: At the height of the 2016 election, exaggerated reports of a juvenile sex crime brought a media maelstrom to Twin Falls — one the Idaho city still hasn’t recovered from."
1167	FB	"Facebook Responds to Trump and Positions Itself as Election-Ready: Facebook, under fire after the American presidential election, responded to criticism from President Trump and touted its efforts for the German elections on Sunday."	
1168	FB	"Facebook’s Ad-Targeting Problem, Captured in a Literal Shade of Gray: Many of the social network’s ad-targeting terms are legitimate in principle but can be problematic in practice. Consider, for instance, the word “confederate.”"	
1169	FB	"Zuckerberg’s Preposterous Defense of Facebook: If everyone is upset with you, as the platform’s chief says, are you really doing something right?"	
1170	FB	"Facebook to Deliver 3,000 Russia-Linked Ads to Congress on Monday: The social network will share the information with federal investigators as part of an ongoing investigation into the 2016 election."	
1172	FB	What if Platforms Like Facebook Are Too Big to Regulate?: Attempts by governments to rein them in might instead have to resemble diplomacy — a cautious search for detente with institutions that ultimately get to set their own laws.	
1174	FB	"Farhad and Mike’s Week in Tech: More Uber Drama, and Few Answers From Facebook: Uber’s board voted to make nice on a set of corporate governance changes, while Facebook’s Russia drama continued."	
1175	FB	How Russia Harvested American Rage to Reshape U.S. Politics: A Times examination of Russian-linked Facebook pages used in the 2016 election found that much of the content was taken directly from videos and posts from Americans.	"Google Finds Accounts Connected to Russia Bought Election Ads: The search giant is facing increased scrutiny over its role in the 2016 presidential campaign, and is one of a number of internet companies being examined."
1177	FB	"We Asked Facebook 12 Questions About the Election, and Got 5 Answers: Facebook responded to some questions about its role in the 2016 presidential election, and its plans to safeguard its platform in the future."	Why Tech Is Starting to Make Me Uneasy: Reporting on technology has changed this year — what once felt like a world of boundless possibility now comes freighted with worry.
1178	FB	"How Facebook’s Ad System Works: Facebook rewards catchiness, and the unique nature of the social network’s ads may have aided Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election."	"Google Unveils Job Training Initiative With $1 Billion Pledge: Amid a big-tech backlash, the Silicon Valley giant announced funding over five years to nonprofits that help prepare workers for the digital economy."
1179	FB	"Farhad and Nicole’s Week in Tech: Russia, Russia Everywhere: In this week’s tech news roundup: How Israeli spies watched Russian spies watch Americans. Also, Facebook’s Russia problem continues."	Silicon Valley Is Not Your Friend: We are beginning to understand that tech companies don’t have our best interests at heart. Did they ever?
1182	FB	"In Italian Schools, Reading, Writing and Recognizing Fake News: A new program, aided by companies like Facebook, will aim to teach students how to recognize and stop the sharing of fake news and conspiracy theories."	"How the Frightful Five Put Start-Ups in a Lose-Lose Situation: In Silicon Valley, small companies used to unseat big ones. Now the clutches of the five biggest tech companies are hard to escape."
1184	FB	"Meet the People Who Will Defend Google, Facebook and Twitter Before Lawmakers: The internet companies are putting their general counsels in the hot seats in front of lawmakers on Nov. 1."	"Farhad and Mike’s Week in Tech: Regulation Is Looming: In this week’s tech newsletter, the tech giants battle Washington’s regulatory fervor. Also, Lyft gets a lot of money, and Google may remake Toronto."
1185	FB	"Why the Fact-Checking at Facebook Needs to Be Checked: Some of the measures Facebook has taken to fight the influence of fake news may not work all that well, research suggests."	
1186	FB	"Australian Soldiers ‘Liked’ Facebook Page That Joked About Rape: A page that made light of rape and necrophilia was the latest embarrassment for the military, which critics say has a persistent culture of misogyny."	"Fake News Floods the Philippines: What happens to a democracy when you mix trolls, disinformation and a populist strongman?"
1189	FB	"At Facebook, Hand-Wringing Over a Fix for Fake Content: As pressure grows on the social media giant, there are no easy answers to dealing with posts that get promoted by its many users."	
1190	FB	"Russian Influence Reached 126 Million Through Facebook Alone: Facebook, Google and Twitter disclosed more about Russian agents’ use of their platforms in the 2016 election as they prepare for hearings before Congress."	
1191	FB	"Tech Executives Are Contrite About Election Meddling, but Make Few Promises on Capitol Hill: Facebook, Twitter and Google all acknowledged ahead of hearings that Russia’s use of their platforms to sway the American electorate was bigger than previously acknowledged."	
1192	FB	These Are the Ads Russia Bought on Facebook in 2016:  A look at some of the ads designed by Russia to exploit divisions in American society and to tip the 2016 election in favor of Donald J. Trump.	House Intelligence Committee Releases Incendiary Russian Social Media Ads: The congressional intelligence committees are investigating Russian interference in the election and want to know more about how social media was used to sow discord and spread misinformation.
1193	FB	How Facebook’s Oracular Algorithm Determines the Fates of Start-Ups: The platform is so good at “microtargeting” that many small e-commerce companies barely even bother advertising anywhere else.	"Silicon Valley Can’t Destroy Democracy Without Our Help: With Russian meddling making headlines, it’s trendy to bash social media companies. Instead, we should look in the mirror."
1194	FB	"Facebook Says It’s Policing Fake Accounts. But They’re Still Easy to Spot.: Executives of Facebook, Twitter and Google faced questioning this week on Capitol Hill about Russia’s intrusions. But that is only a small fraction of the fraud on social media."	"Afghanistan Acts to Ban WhatsApp, but Claims Move Is Temporary: It was not clear whether telecommunications providers would comply with the government’s request, which an official said had come from the country’s spy agency."
1197	FB	"China Spreads Propaganda to U.S. on Facebook, a Platform It Bans at Home: The Chinese government does not allow its people to access Facebook, but it uses the network to influence opinion overseas."	"What Reality TV Teaches Us About Russia’s Influence Campaign: Like a twisted version of the producers of an unscripted TV show, Kremlin-linked trolls used fake personas to provoke very real drama."
1199	FB	Facebook Is Ignoring Anti-Abortion Fake News: The social media platform has become a hub for rampant misinformation on reproductive rights.	"Review: Two Contrasting Views of Silicon Valley’s Influence: Two new books offer startlingly different conclusions on Silicon Valley’s influence on our economy, culture and politics."
1202	FB	"Snapchat’s New Test: Grow Like Facebook, Without the Baggage: Under pressure from investors, Snap is making radical changes. Can it emulate Facebook without losing its innovative spirit?"	"Hey, Mark Zuckerberg: My Democracy Isn’t Your Laboratory: The world’s most powerful social media company thinks it can experiment on whomever and whatever it wants."
1205	FB	We Can’t Trust Facebook to Regulate Itself: It has no incentive to do so. I would know — I worked there.	
1207	FB	Were You a Victim of Russian Propaganda? Facebook Will Help You Find Out: Facebook said it was planning to roll out a new tool so you can figure out whether the page or account you followed or liked was run by Russian agents.	
1208	FB	"Ways to Stop Facebook From Eating Your Battery: The mobile app for the social network can be a bit of a battery hog, but you can do a few things to rein in the power grab."	
1210	FB	Facebook and Twitter Promise to Aid Inquiry on Russian Brexit Meddling: British lawmakers are investigating whether Moscow influenced the 2016 referendum. The social media giants have promised information within weeks.	"Uber Backers Face a Dilemma: To Sell or Not to Sell: SoftBank is offering to buy shares in Uber at a 30 percent markdown. Investors could cash out, but the promise of more could cloud their thinking."
1212	FB	How 41 People in Lithuania Took Over Your Facebook Feed: The viral publisher Bored Panda is thriving on the social network despite the algorithm changes that doomed its competitors.	"Vietnam Wants to Control Social Media? Too Late.: The government fears that political activism online hurts the state, but regulating internet content will hurt it even more."
1214	FB	"New Facebook App for Children Ignites Debate Among Families: Some parents welcomed Messenger Kids, the tech giant’s first major foray into connecting children under 13 to its services, but others worried about social media’s deeper intrusion."	
1221	FB	"Facebook Sees Little Evidence of Russian Meddling in ‘Brexit’ Vote: The social media giant’s statement came in response to questions from the British Parliament, but a British lawmaker questioned the findings."	"The Biggest Tech Failures and Successes of 2017: Epic failures this year exposed your personal data to hackers, wasted your money on unnecessary or ethically dubious products and fed you misinformation."
1223	FB	"Facebook Conceded It Might Make You Feel Bad. Here’s How to Interpret That.: In a remarkable blog post, Facebook cited research showing that “passively consuming” social media made people feel worse. It also said it was trying to fix the problem."	Trump in the Web of Pax Technica: The president has come to power at a time when power is passing out of the hands of governments. That’s more reassuring even than his incompetence.
1225	FB	Did Russia Meddle in Brexit? A Social Media Study Casts Doubt: Oxford researchers join Facebook and Twitter in questioning whether Moscow used social platforms to nudge Britain out of Europe. But suspicions remain.	
1226	FB	"Facebook Job Ads Raise Concerns About Age Discrimination: The ability to aim a message at a particular audience has been a crucial marketing tool, but may be at odds with laws against bias in hiring."	"What the Tax Bill Fails to Address: Technology’s Tsunami: Technology is changing everything about how Americans work, but the industry is left largely unscathed by the Republican tax bill that Congress took up this week."
1227	FB	"Journalist Charged With Rioting at Inauguration Day Protest Goes Free: In a case that drew the attention of First Amendment watchdogs, a 37-year-old freelancer who chronicled the event on Facebook was found not guilty."	
1229	FB	"Yes, More Facebook Friends Are Asking You for Money: Calls for donations have been popping up more often on newsfeeds, after Facebook eliminated fees and made it easier to donate to fund-raisers."	"How Big Tech Is Going After Your Health Care: Apple, Google, Microsoft and other giants are accelerating their efforts to remake health care with new tracking apps, sensors and other tools."
1230	FB	"How To Doodle (Almost) Anything: Jon Burgerman, artist and author of “Daily Doodle,” doodled live for The New York Times audience on Facebook."	
1231	FB	"Facebook Removes Chechen Strongman’s Accounts, Raising Policy Questions: Ramzan Kadyrov and Russian officials challenged Facebook’s decision to end his Instagram and Facebook accounts after the U.S. hit him with sanctions."	
1232	FB	Why Are All Our Words in Bubbles?: Facebook. Twitter DMs. Texts. So much of our communication arrives (and leaves) in little bubbles. We asked some design experts why.	"How Climate Change Deniers Rise to the Top in Google Searches: Groups that reject established climate science can use the search engine’s advertising business to their advantage, gaming the system to find a mass platform for false or misleading claims."
1241	FB	The New Facebook’s Long-Term Benefit to the Bottom Line: Mark Zuckerberg’s return to focusing more on the welfare of users may limit short-run profits but should improve sustainability.	
1243	FB	"Facebook to Take Broader Look at Possible Russian Role in Brexit Vote: The company said its previous investigation had been too narrow, centering on accounts already identified by American intelligence agencies."	Apple’s Big Plans: DealBook Briefing: The iPhone maker plans to make a $350 billion contribution to the American economy over the next five years as it capitalizes on the new tax law.
1245	FB	Facebook to Let Users Rank Credibility of News: Facebook said it planned to prioritize high-quality news on its site by allowing its users to rank news sources that they see as the most credible and trustworthy.	
1246	FB	"What if a Healthier Facebook Is Just … Instagram?: As Facebook undergoes a renovation focused on improving its users’ well-being, the company could take inspiration from an app it already owns."	
1247	FB	"The Slain ‘Militant’ Was a Model, and a Karachi Police Commander Is Out: The police killing of a man with a large Facebook following and no apparent terrorist ties has focused outrage over extrajudicial killings in Pakistan."	"Once Cozy With Silicon Valley, Democrats Grow Wary of Tech Giants: A new paper by two former Hillary Clinton aides, criticizing digital advertising as a tool for disinformation campaigns, captures a party’s increasing mistrust."
1249	FB	"Russian Trolls Are Only Part of the Problem: Facebook and Twitter need to realize that “fake news” and hateful content can be homegrown, too."	
1252	FB	Facebook Bans Ads for Bitcoin and Other Cryptocurrencies: The social network said it wanted to prevent misleading or deceptive promotional practices.	
1254	FB	"Facebook Aims to Soothe Wall Street Over News Feed Changes: The social network, which is overhauling what people consume on the site, said its business would remain robust even if some users spent less time on its platform."	
1255	FB	"Farhad’s Week in Tech: Less Time on Facebook, More Noise From Amazon: Amazon doesn’t have a plan to fix health care, but it loves that we’re talking about it. Facebook has a plan to fix the social network, but people may spend less time on it."	
5	MSFT	"Q&A: Creating Customized Shortcuts for Microsoft Word: Microsoft Word comes with plenty of built-in keyboard shortcuts for common menu commands, but you can also make your own shortcuts."	
8	MSFT	"Google Introduces a Touch-Screen Laptop: Google’s newest Chromebook, the Pixel, is priced to compete with expensive Apple and Microsoft laptops. Google made the touch-screen device, which requires users to live entirely in the cloud."	
10	MSFT	"Microsoft Inherits Sticky Data Collection Issues From Skype: Privacy advocates are calling on Microsoft to disclose government requests for information of Skype users' encrypted, peer-to-peer conversations, and to ensure that the service is still hack-proof."	
16	MSFT	Microsoft Faces Fine in Europe After Breaking a Deal: The fine for failing to give Windows users the choice of competing Web browsers would be the first levied by the European Union for neglecting to comply with a settlement.	"Don’t Touch That Remote: TV Pilots Turn to Net, Not Networks: More television shows are being produced only for the Internet, circumventing existing distribution channels."
17	MSFT	"Subscribing to Office, Now and Forever: This year with Microsoft Office, it’s not what the features are, but how you pay for them. There are two ways to subscribe."	
18	MSFT	"Tip of the Week: Free Microsoft Office Quick-Start Guides: Microsoft has free colorful guides to the new features in its Office 2013 suite, available to download from its site."	
19	MSFT	"Q&A: Dumping the Windows Jump List: Microsoft’s Jump Lists feature in recent versions of Windows is intended to make life easier, but it can be turned off if you would rather not leave a trail of files you have recently used."	
21	MSFT	Q&A: Capturing the Windows 8 Screen: Microsoft’s Windows 8 software can take screen shots in several ways.	
26	MSFT	"U.S. Said to Look Into Microsoft Bribery Allegations: The S.E.C. and Justice Department are investigating accusations involving the company in China, Italy and Romania, a person briefed on the matter said."	
27	MSFT	"Daily Report: U.S. Is Said to Scrutinize Microsoft Accusations: The S.E.C. and the Justice Department are said to be investigating Microsoft’s involvement with companies accused of paying bribes overseas, Nick Wingfield reports in Wednesday’s New York Times."	
28	MSFT	"Microsoft Releases Report on Law Enforcement Requests: Publication of the report on government data requests places Microsoft alongside Google, Twitter and other Web businesses in releasing regular transparency reports."	
32	MSFT	"Where in the World Are Windows Phones Outselling iPhones?: On Wednesday, Microsoft said that Windows Phone was out-shipping Apple’s iPhone in seven countries. Where? Microsoft didn’t say, so Bits asked IDC."	
36	MSFT	"Police Surveillance May Earn Money for City: Microsoft, which developed the Domain Awareness System with the New York Police Department, says it is actively negotiating with a number of prospective buyers."	"In Search, Google Still Leads: Google still holds by far the largest share of traditional search engine traffic."
37	MSFT	"Q&A: Moving On From the Windows 8 Preview: Now that the free preview edition of Microsoft’s Windows 8 has expired, it is time to upgrade to the final version or reinstall a previous version of Windows."	
39	MSFT	"Microsoft Sheds Old TV Baggage to Focus on New Xbox: Microsoft is planning to reveal details about its new Xbox video game console at an event in May, as the games industry prepares for a new generation of hardware that it hopes will lift sales."	
42	MSFT	Q&A: Installing Microsoft Office on Multiple Machines: Microsoft’s software licensing allows you to install Office 2010 on more than one PC.	
43	MSFT	"A Conversation With: Ravi Venkatesan, Former Chairman of Microsoft India: A veteran executive’s advice on surviving, and thriving, in Indian business."	
45	MSFT	"Microsoft Takes Aim at Amazon With a New Cloud Service: On Tuesday, Microsoft will begin offering a new, more basic cloud computing service that competes directly with Amazon’s similar services. And to make sure it’s taken seriously, Microsoft said it will match Amazon’s prices."	Q&A: Printing Windows 7 Contacts: Windows 7 can print out the computer’s Contacts list in a few different ways.
46	MSFT	"The Screen on a Laptop Wants to Be a Tablet: The ATIV Smart PC Pro 700T from Samsung has the Microsoft Surface Pro’s speed, but comes up short in other ways."	
47	MSFT	"Software Sales Bolster Microsoft, Leading to a 19% Rise in Profit: Despite a slump in global sales of personal computers, the company said its software product sales drove the increase, which exceeded Wall Street estimates."	"Tip of the Week: Sending Huge E-Mail Attachments: Thanks to a combination of Web-mail and cloud-storage services, sending large files as attachments is easier these days."
48	MSFT	"Blame Microsoft: Excel, PowerPoint, Word and Outlook have played more than just cameo roles in the dark side of capitalism, the author contends."	
50	MSFT	"Why Tim Cook Is Like Steve Ballmer: Apple and Microsoft have posted poor stock performance under their current leaders, despite substantial growth in revenue and profits."	"The Flattening of Design: Flat design is become the stylistic choice for technology companies, partly driven by the constraints of smartphones, and also with a hope to escape the look of digital design."
51	MSFT	Tip of the Week: Customize the Microsoft Office Ribbon: Adding your personal touch to the Microsoft Office Ribbon can make it easier to find your favorite commands.	
60	MSFT	"After Bumpy Start, Microsoft Rethinks Windows 8: In a recent interview, Tami Reller, the chief marketing officer and chief financial officer of the Windows division, revealed that a coming update to Windows 8, code-named Windows Blue, will be released this calendar year and will include modifica..."	
61	MSFT	"Microsoft Names First Female Finance Chief: Microsoft named Amy Hood as its chief financial officer, the first woman to hold the job. She was most recently the chief financial officer of the business division, which oversees Office applications."	
62	MSFT	"Barnes & Noble Shares Jump on Sign of Microsoft Interest in Nook: Microsoft is said to have offered to take over the Nook unit’s e-books and devices operations, but it is unclear whether there are any current talks on a possible deal."	
64	MSFT	"New York State to Ask Smartphone Makers to Help Prevent Thefts: Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman will seek the cooperation of Apple, Google, Microsoft and Samsung to find ways of improving the security of the devices."	
65	MSFT	"More Details About the New Windows: Microsoft is shedding the Windows Blue code name for the next installment of its operating system. The official name will be Windows 8.1, a company executive said on Tuesday. That name is one of the many clues that the new operating system will no..."	
70	MSFT	"Next Xbox Will Face New Array of Rivals: Microsoft’s new game console also serves as a home entertainment hub, a response to the rising popularity of mobile devices for playing games."	Q&A: Protecting Your Mail Account: A few simple precautions can help keep your e-mail account safer from intruders.
76	MSFT	"With Windows 8.1, a New Start That Looks Familiar: With a new version of its Windows operating system due later this year, Microsoft is reviving some hallmarks of previous versions, including the Start menu, but it is keeping the touch-friendly, tile-based look of Windows 8 that has turned off man..."	
77	MSFT	"Q&A: Choosing a Windows Tablet: Microsoft has two versions of Windows that can run on tablet computers, but Windows 8 is more generally versatile than the more mobile-oriented Windows RT."	
78	MSFT	"Microsoft Weighs Restructuring: Microsoft is considering mixing up the responsibilities of its top executives as it seeks to further its transformation into what Steve Ballmer, Microsoft’s chief executive, calls a “devices and services company.”"	
81	MSFT	"Making Windows 8 Better: Microsoft is working on version 8.1 of its operating system, and it shouldn’t be too timid or proud to undo the coupling of its tile-based and desktop environments."	
83	MSFT	"What Xbox One and Politics Have in Common: Video game consoles, like political candidates, need to excite their bases to win. With a series of game announcements on Monday, Microsoft was definitely catering to its base, hard-core gamers, rather than to the people who will buy its games sys..."	"Data-Driven Tech Industry Is Shaken by Online Privacy Fears: In Silicon Valley, dismay at revelations about government monitoring has led some to call for disclosure of companies’ involvement."
85	MSFT	"Daily Report: Google, Facebook and Microsoft Ask to Reveal U.S. Data Requests: The technology companies asked the government for permission to reveal details about the classified requests they get for the personal information of foreign users, Claire Cain Miller reports in The New York Times."	
86	MSFT	Microsoft to Open Mini-Stores Inside Best Buy: Microsoft and Best Buy announced a plan to create 600 Windows stores within Best Buy retail locations in the United States and Canada.	
87	MSFT	"Unwelcome Innovation Earns Gamers’ Jeers: At E3, a video game trade show where novelty is prized, Microsoft drew resentment for its plans to monitor gamers’ use of resold games."	
90	MSFT	"Microsoft Adds Office for iPhone. Yawn.: Microsoft’s application falls short of duplicating the everyday functions of Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Some outside apps do it better."	60 Seconds With Pogue: Office for iPhone: The Times’s David Pogue on whether Office for iPhone was worth the wait.
91	MSFT	"Xbox Reversal Won’t Stop the Inevitable: Microsoft on Wednesday reversed a couple of controversial policies about how its new Xbox One game console will operate, both of which would probably have slammed the brakes on the used games business. But that business is likely to fade away anyw..."	In Hot Pursuit of Numbers to Ward Off Crime: Data analytics are allowing precincts to focus their manpower more purposefully.
95	MSFT	"Microsoft Moves to Simplify 3-D Printing: Microsoft is supporting for an array of 3-D printers in Windows 8.1, in a move to position itself as a leader in the emerging technology."	"F.T.C. Tells Search Engines to Label Advertising as Such: The Federal Trade Commission told Google, Bing and Yahoo among others to clarify what sort of material is coming up in search results."
98	MSFT	"Zynga Hires Xbox Boss to Initiate Turnaround: Zynga, the struggling social games maker, said its founder and chief executive, Mark Pincus, will be replaced by Don Mattrick, the head of Microsoft’s Xbox business. Mr. Pincus will remain at Zynga as chairman and chief product officer."	
100	MSFT	"Q&A: Using Skype or FaceTime: Microsoft’s Skype service and Apple’s FaceTime system both allow users to make free video calls, and you can use both programs on an iPad."	"Rich Payday for New Zynga Chief: In a filing, Zynga said that Don A. Mattrick, its new chief executive, will receive a compensation package worth around $50 million over the next several years, and perhaps more."
103	MSFT	"Q&A: Setting Up Gmail Securely: Google’s two-step verification feature can help make your Gmail account more secure, but you may need to do a little extra work when setting up a new mail program to send and receive Gmail messages."	
105	MSFT	"Microsoft Overhauls, the Apple Way: The giant software company is creating four new divisions and reassigning nearly every senior executive as it tries to create timely products that consumers want."	Q&A: Sharing Files With Dropbox: Online file storage services like Dropbox let you share files with people who do not have an account with the company.
106	MSFT	Report Indicates More Extensive Cooperation by Microsoft on Surveillance: The Guardian reports the company provided the National Security Agency with up-to-date access to its customer data whenever it changed its encryption and related technology.	The Challenge of Creating a Unified Organizational Strategy: Chief executives offer tips for establishing a cohesive team and clear goals.
108	MSFT	"Microsoft Pushes Harder to Talk About Surveillance Orders: Microsoft on Tuesday called on the United States attorney general, Eric H. Holder Jr., to give the company permission to talk about how it handles government surveillance requests, an escalation of the company’s campaign to speak more freely about..."	
110	MSFT	Weak PC Market Catches Up to Microsoft: The company blamed the declining personal computer market and disappointing sales of its Surface RT tablet for missing Wall Street’s quarterly forecasts.	
111	MSFT	"As Detroit Wobbles, So Does Microsoft: It seems almost appropriate that Microsoft delivered one of its worst financial performances in memory on the same day that Detroit became the largest American city to file for bankruptcy."	
119	MSFT	Is Google More Like Microsoft or Apple?: Microsoft has a tech culture that yearns for more features. Apple prizes design and simplicity. Where is Google on the spectrum?	
122	MSFT	"The Gray Line of ‘Confidential’ Information: The insider trading case against an analyst who tipped off a trader at SAC Capital Advisors about Microsoft-Yahoo talks in 2009 is not typical because he also shared the information with others, possibly lifting the veil of confidentiality."	Using ‘Do Not Track’ Options: How to tell if Windows 8 is blocking tracking on Web sites.
136	MSFT	"Ballmer Through the Years: Moments of Steven A. Ballmer from conferences, commercials and interviews over the years that he was Microsoft’s chief executive."	
137	MSFT	"Daily Report: Tech Upstarts Consider Their Mortality: The leaders of up-and-coming technology companies are pondering the lesson of Microsoft and its departing chief, Steven Ballmer: that even an industry leader is likely be dethroned eventually."	"The Decline of E-Empires: Steve Ballmer, meet Ibn Khaldun."
141	MSFT	"Microsoft Cuts Deal With Activist Shareholder to Avoid Fight: The saga of Steve Ballmer’s exit from Microsoft deepened on Friday with an agreement between Microsoft and an activist shareholder, ValueAct Capital, that averts a potentially nasty battle over the company’s lagging performance."	
142	MSFT	"Microsoft to Buy Nokia Units and Acquire Executive: The $7.2 billion all-cash deal is meant to turn the Finnish mobile phone pioneer into the engine for Microsoft’s mobile efforts. Stephen Elop, the former Microsoft executive who was running Nokia, will rejoin Microsoft."	The End of an Era in Mobile: The introduction of the Apple iPhone was the first blow to Nokia. Then it failed to respond quickly with a comparable product. And so began a long slide from which it has been unable to recover.
143	MSFT	"With Microsoft-Nokia Deal, Competing in the Smartphone Market: Microsoft’s $7.2 billion deal for Nokia’s phone units is an attempt to catapult the company up the ranks in the smartphone market, which has been dominated by more established players, like Apple and Google."	"From Nokia, an Executive Who Knows the Difficulties at Hand: As Nokia’s chief, Stephen Elop took harsh measures to right the company, preventing an even worse outcome, analysts say. But Nokia has not yet halted its slide in market share."
146	MSFT	"Tech Companies Escalate Pressure on Government to Publish National Security Request Data: On Monday, Yahoo and Facebook filed suit in a secret court to ask for permission to publish data on the national security requests they receive, and Google and Microsoft amended the suits they had already filed."	Google Makes New Offer to Settle Its European Union Antitrust Case : The Internet giant said it made a second attempt to settle an antitrust inquiry it faces in Europe over accusations that it abuses its dominance in Internet search and advertising.
150	MSFT	"Behind Microsoft Deal, the Specter of a Nokia Android Phone: A team within Nokia had Android up and running on the company’s Lumia handsets well before Microsoft reached a deal to buy Nokia’s phone business, according to people briefed on the effort."	
151	MSFT	"Box Adds Document Writing to Its Cloud: Box, the online storage service, has announced it is getting into the content-creation business. The first product is a stripped-down, word-processing program. If you miss the bells and whistles of Microsoft Word, you may also be missing the new a..."	
154	MSFT	"Huge Payday for Chief Executive Who Is Leaving Nokia: Nokia disclosed on Thursday that its now-former chief is expected to collect about 18.8 million euros, or $25.5 million, as he prepares to leave the company in the wake of Microsoft’s $7.2 billion takeover of its handset business."	
156	MSFT	"For 2nd Generation of Surface, Tweaks From Microsoft: The Surface, which has sold poorly compared with the Apple iPad, will undergo only subtle adjustments, a sign that Microsoft still believes in its vision for the device."	Cutting Through the Cloud: Corporate technology buyers are looking at a growing number of new and old tech companies to manage their systems.
158	MSFT	"It’s Time for Gates to Part Ways With Microsoft: Bill Gates’s many talents don’t include effectiveness as chairman. Under his leadership, Microsoft’s board left Mr. Ballmer in place too long, the author writes."	
161	MSFT	"India and Nokia in Tax Dispute Before Microsoft Deal: Nokia said the tax authorities froze all of its Indian assets, including bank accounts and factories, to ensure that the company could pay its future tax bill."	
166	MSFT	"Gates’s Future Fuels Speculation as Microsoft Seeks New Chief: As Microsoft prepares to name a new chief executive and plot a course out of its funk, the role of Bill Gates has been a source of wide fascination."	
167	MSFT	"Daily Report: As Microsoft Seeks a Chief, Speculation on Gates’s Future: With Steven A. Ballmer retiring as chief executive, some observers wonder if Bill Gates may return to bigger day-to-day duties at the company he built."	
172	MSFT	"Tech Rivals Lay Down Arms for Youth Coding: Amazon, Microsoft, Apple and Google are encouraging schools, parents and teachers to introduce students to programming during Computer Science Education Week, which runs Dec. 9 to 15."	
173	MSFT	"Reconciling 2 Worlds With Windows 8.1: After a year of tinkering with the much-criticized Windows 8, Microsoft unveils (drumroll) Windows 8.1. The changes are many and useful."	
176	MSFT	"Daily Report: New Bids for Dominating the Tablet Market: As competition in the tablet computer market becomes more intense, Apple, Nokia and Microsoft are all about to unveil new devices."	
177	MSFT	"Apple Exploits Microsoft Hesitation on Office: Apple’s suite of productivity apps, iWork, has struggled to inflict damage to Microsoft’s Office business. Now, Apple has made iWork free to anyone who buys new Mac computers and the company’s mobile devices."	
178	MSFT	"Daily Report: Apple Challenges Microsoft, Offering Free Apps: While introducing new iPad tablets, Apple announced that its iWork suite, which essentially duplicates Microsoft’s Office software, would be provided to anyone who bought a new computer or mobile device."	"Hollywood Stars Ask N.S.A. to Stop Mass Surveillance: Oliver Stone, Maggie Gyllenhaal, John Cusack and Wil Wheaton team up with the Electronic Frontier Foundation for a video that criticizes spying practices and companies that have cooperated with government requests for information."
179	MSFT	"Brisk Sales to Business at Microsoft; Devices Lag: The earnings of $5.24 billion beat expectations, and were helped in large part by a surge in the company’s corporate software business."	
182	MSFT	"As Microsoft Looks On, Nokia Reports a Rise in Smartphone Sales: Nokia, the struggling Finnish telecommunications company that has agreed to sell its handset unit to Microsoft, reported a 19 percent increase in quarterly sales of its Lumia smartphone."	
192	MSFT	"Daily Report: New Consoles Enter a Changed Gaming Market: Sony’s PlayStation 4 and Microsoft’s Xbox One are almost certain to be hot holiday gifts this year, but whether they can reverse a general trend toward mobile games remains to be seen."	"New Consoles on the Way, but Gaming Isn’t the Same: Sales of a new generation of consoles could be dented by tablets, smartphones and Facebook, which offer games at lower prices."
193	MSFT	"Microsoft Abolishes Employee Evaluation System: The company said it was ending a longstanding practice called “stack ranking,” which required managers to grade their subordinates on a bell curve. In its place, Microsoft says it will use a more flexible system that encourages better collaboratio..."	
194	MSFT	"The Console as Concierge: Sony’s PlayStation 4, due out on Friday, and Microsoft’s Xbox One, coming in one week, accelerate the game console’s shift to multipurpose machine."	
197	MSFT	"Handset Unit Nearly Sold, Nokia Now Looks to an Uncertain Future: Shareholders approved a $7.2 billion sale of Nokia’s cellphone business to Microsoft, leaving the company with its networking and mapping units, and its patents."	
198	MSFT	"Daily Report: Nokia Considers Its Uncertain Post-Handset Future: With the $7.2 billion sale of its handset unit to Microsoft nearly complete, the company must now determine how best to use its networking and mapping units, and its patents."	
202	MSFT	"Xbox One Release Follows Familiar Pattern: Microsoft said it sold more than one million Xbox One consoles during the product’s first 24 hours on sale. And like its rival Sony, Microsoft also downplayed reports of defective consoles."	
205	MSFT	Justice Department Approves Microsoft Deal: Microsoft said it was pleased to receive the approval and it looked “forward to the date when our partners at Nokia will become members of the Microsoft family.”	
207	MSFT	"Microsoft Produces a Winner in Tablets: The company tries again with the Surface, and this time gets it right."	
208	MSFT	"Daily Report: Internet Giants Push to Improve Secrecy: After surveillance by the National Security Agency, major Internet companies like Microsoft and Yahoo are competing to show users how well their data is protected from prying eyes."	
210	MSFT	"Tech Giants Issue Call for Limits on Government Surveillance of Users: Eight major companies, led by Google and Microsoft, are calling for tighter controls on surveillance of their customers’ data by governments worldwide."	
213	MSFT	"Indian Court Lifts Obstacle to Microsoft-Nokia Merger: The Delhi High Court ruled that Nokia would be allowed to transfer a phone factory to Microsoft, even though the plant was seized because of a tax dispute."	Facebook to Join S.&P. 500: Facebook stock jumped close to 4 percent in after-hours trading on news that it would join the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index at the end of next week.
215	MSFT	Creating the Tech Retail Experience: Electronics retailers like Verizon and AT&T have gone to great lengths to overhaul their retail efforts as the heavyweights behind many popular devices — like Microsoft and Google — have moved to open retail stores of their own.	Creating Experiences to Sell Gadgets: Many consumer electronic companies are taking Apple’s cue in establishing their own retail stores that serve as emporiums of cool.
216	MSFT	Ex-Microsoft Executive to Take Over Health Site Repairs: President Obama has chosen Kurt DelBene to replace Jeffrey D. Zients as the fix-it manager for HealthCare.gov.	Dinosaurs and Statistics: A new paper highlights possible statistical problems in a series of papers on dinosaur growth rates.
220	MSFT	"William Morris Endeavor Hires Former Microsoft Finance Chief: Peter Klein, who served as Microsoft’s chief financial officer until June, will be finance chief of both William Morris and IMG Worldwide when the $2.4 billion takeover of that agency is completed."	"Empty Shelves Signal Revival in Game Consoles: Those sales bolster the view that the console business is turning into a two-horse race, with Nintendo a distant third."
229	MSFT	Drawing Conclusions From Sony’s Early Lead in the Console Race: Sony’s new videogame console outsold Microsoft’s by a healthy margin last year. But why?	A Makeover for Maps: Some graphic designers are trying to improve presentation of information using video and color rather than simple bar charts and graphs.
230	MSFT	"Ford Chief Out of Running to Lead Microsoft: Comments by Alan Mulally, the chief of Ford, are the most definitive sign yet that he is out of the running for the Microsoft job, though the prospects of such a change had dimmed in recent weeks."	"China Cracks Open the Door for Video Game Consoles, but Doubts Abound: While console systems remain popular in Western markets, the vast majority of Chinese players use computers and mobile phones or other handheld devices."
236	MSFT	"A Sensor Guided by Voice or Gestures: Microsoft wants the Xbox One to be the center of a home’s entertainment universe, providing Skype video calls and playing television shows, music and more."	
239	MSFT	"Dabbling in Microsoft Is Enough for Gates: Bill Gates, the chairman and former chief executive of Microsoft, is said to be willing to adjust his role at the company based on the new chief executive’s wishes."	"On Davos Panel, Calls to Curb Government Data Collection: The intersection of technology and privacy issues presents a unique challenge for businesses as governments increasingly seek to collect vast amounts of data on the public, a group of business and political leaders said on Wednesday at the World E..."
240	MSFT	"Nokia Struggles to Project a Bright Future Without Phones: The firm, which is selling its handset business to Microsoft, announced a fourth-quarter loss of $34 million, adjusted to exclude its phone unit."	
241	MSFT	"Daily Report: Microsoft’s Earnings Indicate a Shift to Devices and Services: The company said its second-quarter profit rose 3 percent, ahead of analysts’ forecasts, with strong sales of its Xbox consoles and Surface tablets."	"U.N. Leader Says Banks Should Finance More Sustainable Businesses: At the World Economic Forum, Ban Ki-moon, the United Nations secretary general, said he wanted banks and other financial companies to focus their lending in the future on the development of sustainable energy sources and businesses with low carbon..."
243	MSFT	"Did Big Internet Companies Handicap Start-Ups in FISA Rule Changes?: A small but significant caveat, in a new agreement brokered between the Obama administration and Google, Facebook, Yahoo and Microsoft could cast a long shadow over America’s technology start-ups."	"Daily Report: U.S. Eases Some Rules on Data Disclosure: The Obama administration will allow Internet companies to talk more specifically about when they are forced to turn over customer data to government agents, the Justice Department said Monday."
246	MSFT	"Microsoft Said to Be Close to Naming a New Chief: Satya Nadella, a 22-year Microsoft employee, has been in charge of its cloud computing business; a change in Bill Gates’s role is also under discussion."	
247	MSFT	"Tech Companies Offer Update on Government Data Requests: Facebook, Google, Microsoft, LinkedIn, Yahoo and Apple have released information pertaining to the number of government data requests the companies receive for people who use these services."	
248	MSFT	Foursquare Checks In With Microsoft and Gets $15 Million to Revitalize Itself: The money will be used to incorporate Foursquare recommendations into Microsoft’s local and search products over the next four years.	
249	MSFT	"Cyberabad’s Swagger Returns as Native Son Takes Top Spot at Microsoft: Hyderabad’s joy in Satya Nadella’s ascent stems from the misfortunes the Indian tech hub has suffered over the past several years, the author says."	
250	MSFT	"Daily Report: After Years in Philanthropy, a Different Gates Returns to Microsoft: Many wonder how Bill Gates, a luminary of the tech world, will choose to position Microsoft going forward."	
252	MSFT	"Microsoft Loses a Number to Try to Gain a Future: Microsoft is releasing a new version of its Excel software that draws from search, spreadsheets and cloud computing. It could be a guide to where the company is going under its new chief executive."	
254	MSFT	"Two Game Consoles Battle for a Dubious Prize: With games readily available for smartphones and tablets, the question of which is better — Microsoft’s XBox or Sony’s PS4 — may be moot."	
256	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Stakes in the Battle for Handsets: Trying to ensure the survival of Windows in a mobile universe, Microsoft enters a complex struggle, while Google abandons a money-losing handset unit."	
259	MSFT	"Satya Nadella, Chief of Microsoft, on His New Role: In his first interview since taking over as chief executive of Microsoft, Satya Nadella talks about leadership, the future and Bill Gates."	
261	MSFT	Nokia Taps Android for New Low-Cost Phone: The move to use the Android operating system of Google — a main rival of both Nokia and Microsoft — will offer users far more applications than they can access with phones running on Microsoft’s Windows Phone operating system.	
262	MSFT	Ford to Drop Microsoft From Car Systems: Ford has made plans to use software from BlackBerry to power its in-car entertainment and communications systems.	
266	MSFT	"Ex-Clinton Aide Is Named Microsoft’s Chief Strategy Officer: Mark Penn, who was once a political operative and has handled the company’s advertising, will become its chief strategy officer; two other executives will depart the company."	Bypassing a Credit Card Requirement for Apps: Downloading free apps or other content from Apple’s stores doesn’t require having a credit card on file.
267	MSFT	"Steven Ballmer Reflects on Missteps and Ponders the Future of Microsoft: Speaking to students at the University of Oxford, the former Microsoft chief executive tempered his usual theatrics with a discussion of what Microsoft did right and wrong during his tenure."	
268	MSFT	"Behind Closed Doors, Microsoft’s Board Reportedly Battled Chief Over Nokia Deal: In its latest issue, Bloomberg Businessweek reports that Steven A. Ballmer, then Microsoft’s chief executive, chafed when fellow directors questioned the wisdom of buying any part of Nokia’s hardware operations."	
271	MSFT	"China Warns of Risks in Plan to Retire Windows XP: Beijing argues that Microsoft is threatening both security and antipiracy efforts by asking users to upgrade from the Windows XP operating system, still used by nearly half the computers in China."	"EBay Rejects Icahn’s Nominees for Its Board: EBay said that it had rejected Carl C. Icahn’s two nominees for its board and instead chose to renominate every director up for re-election this year. Separately, Mr. Icahn published another criticism of the company’s chief executive."
274	MSFT	"A Theory Behind Surge in Xbox One Sales: In sales figures for February released Thursday afternoon by NPD, the retail tracking firm, Microsoft’s Xbox One nearly matched the U.S. sales of the PlayStation 4. That was a sharp narrowing of the lead Sony had in monthly sales, leading to specu..."	
277	MSFT	Oracle misses: Summary: Stocks rally as Russia’s Vladimir Putin says he won’t go beyond Crimea; Oracle struggles to catch up to the cloud; Microsoft hits July 2000 high on speculation Office is headed to the iPad.	
280	MSFT	"Complaint Against Kibkalo: Alex A. Kibkalo has been accused of handing over trade secrets, including prerelease software updates for Windows 8 RT, to an industry blogger while he was employed by Microsoft."	Daily Report: Fallout From Snowden Hurts Tech Company Bottom Lines: It is impossible to see the full economic ramifications of the spying revelations by Edward J. Snowden but the pieces are beginning to add up as businesses question the trustworthiness of American technology products.
281	MSFT	Nokia Handset Sale to Microsoft Delayed: The American technology giant said on Monday that its $7.5 billion takeover of Nokia’s handset business would now close in April. The deal had been expected to be completed by the end of March.	"Deadline in G.M. Inquiry; Game Maker’s I.P.O. Price: General Motors and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration must deliver documents to a House committee; and King Digital Entertainment, the creator of Candy Crush Saga, plans to price its initial public offering."
284	MSFT	"Microsoft to Offer Office for iPad, Maybe a Bit Late : Owners of Apple’s tablet will be able to use Word, Excel, PowerPoint and other popular productivity tools — but they still may not want to."	
285	MSFT	"Microsoft to Stop Inspecting Private Emails in Investigations: Microsoft will instead hand over investigations of stolen property to law enforcement agencies, the company’s general counsel said. The change came a week after Microsoft faced an uproar over the methods it used in 2012 to investigate the suspecte..."	Battle of the Dash: Tech Companies Try to Get Their Apps in a Row: A dashboard donnybrook has erupted among tech companies vying to clean up the clutter of controls in the next generation of connected cars.
288	MSFT	"Parsing Microsoft’s Decision to Cut Windows Fees: Microsoft said it would no longer charge a fee to hardware makers that want to put Windows on devices with screens that are smaller than nine inches, for which it was estimated to be getting around $15 each in licensing revenue."	
290	MSFT	"Microsoft Office for the iPad: It’s Delightfully Familiar: If you love Microsoft Office on your desktop, you’ll love the company’s new iPad version. If you hate Office, you’ll have one more place it."	"Audio Editing in iMovie: Plus, how to back up Windows Phone."
294	MSFT	"Microsoft Touts Data Protection Approval in Europe; Eager for New Customers: Microsoft’s top lawyer said the company’s cloud computing services had met Europe’s stringent data protection rules, and he used the news as a way to woo potential new customers."	
300	MSFT	"Times Minute | Tech Earnings Preview: Apple, Microsoft and Amazon will issue quarterly reports this week. Also on the Minute, the effect of California’s water crisis and celebrating 100 years of Wrigley Field."	
302	MSFT	"Siri and Google Now, Meet Cortana: Molly Wood tests out mobile virtual assistants, including Microsoft’s Cortana, to see if Siri has met her match."	
303	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Profit Dips Less Than Expected as It Reshapes Itself: The attention of investors seems to be less on the solid financial results and more on a series of bold bets to reshape the company, including the acquisition of Nokia."	"Digital Mapping May Be Nokia’s Hidden Jewel: Though a laggard in smartphone location apps, Nokia’s Here mapping system is a leader in car navigation and might be a tantalizing takeover target."
305	MSFT	"Security Flaw Hits Microsoft Browser: Although the security flaw affects various versions of Internet Explorer browsers, the problem is especially troubling for the millions of people still using Windows XP."	
307	MSFT	"Xbox One to Go on Sale in China in September: Microsoft says its latest game console, Xbox One, will go on sale in China in September, after a long ban on such products in the country."	
308	MSFT	"Attackers Use Microsoft Security Hole Against Energy, Defense, Finance Targets: Microsoft raced to issue a fix Thursday to a vulnerability in its Internet Explorer browser, which security researchers believe was being exploited by nation-state sponsored attack groups."	
316	MSFT	"To Compete With PlayStation on Price, Microsoft Offers Xbox Without Kinect Motion Sensor: In an effort to increase sales of the Xbox One, Microsoft said it would sell an entry-level version without the Kinect sensor for $399, the same price as a Sony PlayStation 4."	
321	MSFT	"Microsoft Enlarges Surface’s Screen So It Can Be Used for Work, Too: The company is marketing its Surface Pro 3 tablet, which will have a 12-inch screen, as the combination of a laptop computer and a tablet so people can use it for tasks as well as entertainment."	
322	MSFT	"Daily Report: Microsoft Expands Its Tablet’s Screen, With Work in Mind: The company is marketing its Surface Pro 3, which will have a 12-inch screen, as the combination of a laptop computer and a tablet."	California Urges Websites to Disclose Online Tracking: The state’s attorney general is publishing guidelines meant to help companies comply with a new privacy law that went into effect Jan. 1.
334	MSFT	"At E3 Gaming Convention, Microsoft Shifts Emphasis of Xbox One Console to Games: The company is selling a less expensive console and creating new games to increase sales, which trail those of Sony’s PlayStation 4."	"Video Gaming’s Big Expo, and G.M.’s Shareholder Meeting: E3, the Electronic Entertainment Expo, gets underway in Los Angeles, and G.M. is to hold its shareholders’ meeting less than a week after issuing an internal report on its recall of millions of cars."
336	MSFT	Microsoft Protests Order to Disclose Email Stored Abroad: The objection to hand over email stored in an Irish data center is believed to be the first time a corporation has challenged a domestic search warrant seeking digital information overseas.	"With a Bit of Planning, Keep the Cloud With You Always — Even Offline: The key to using your cloud services without an Internet connection is preparation."
339	MSFT	"Microsoft Unveils Machine Learning for the Masses: Microsoft plans to make predictive data analysis, now an arcane field, a standard part of business. The company says that a product due out in July will simplify what are now expensive, difficult processes."	
340	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Surface Pro 3 Isn’t for Everybody: Users who mainly want a tablet that can sometimes be used a computer may be fine, but if you want to do intensive work, the Surface Pro isn’t the best."	
344	MSFT	"Microsoft Makes Bet Quantum Computing Is Next Breakthrough: A Microsoft-funded venture is aimed at designing computers that can solve problems in fields as diverse as chemistry, material science, artificial intelligence and code-breaking."	
345	MSFT	Daily Report: Microsoft Sees Quantum Computing as Technology’s Next Frontier: The company’s new venture is aimed at designing fast computers that can solve a variety of problems by exploiting the weird physical properties of subatomic particles.	
346	MSFT	"Google, Microsoft and Others Delve Deeper Into Cloud Storage for Businesses: Tech companies are poised to compete in selling services to businesses and gathering information on who does what within them."	
355	MSFT	"Microsoft Taking Steps to Comply With the Right to be Forgotten: The company plans to follow the lead of Google, which responded to a European court’s online privacy ruling in May by creating a form to request removal of links to material that individuals say violates their online privacy."	
356	MSFT	"Cloud Computing Giants Add to Open Source Credentials With Kubernetes: Google has given up its secret sauce in a battle with Amazon Web Services for cloud computing customers. Now Microsoft, IBM and others are helping out. It looks like a strategy to blunt Amazon."	
360	MSFT	"Large Round of Layoffs Expected at Microsoft: Microsoft is planning to announce layoffs that will substantially exceed the largest layoffs in the company’s history, according to several people briefed on the decision."	
361	MSFT	"Daily Report: Microsoft Says It Will Cut Up to 18,000 Jobs: Microsoft announced on Thursday that it would eliminate up to 18,000 jobs over the next year as part of a major restructuring."	
363	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Top Lawyer Is the Tech World’s Envoy: Bradford L. Smith, general counsel at the tech company, uses the skills he learned as a Washington lawyer to advocate change in government policies that affect the industry."	
364	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Profits Slide on Mobile, but Its Cloud Flourishes: Revenue at Microsoft was slightly higher than analysts expected, but earnings were 5 cents a share lower."	
368	MSFT	"With Microsoft in Sights, China Starts to Squeeze U.S. Tech Companies: An agency that enforces antimonopoly laws visited company offices in four cities, as the country more closely scrutinizes multinational companies."	Adapting Old Laws to New Technologies: Congress needs to clarify how and when the government can obtain private messages and documents stored abroad.
370	MSFT	"China Investigating Microsoft for ‘Monopolistic Behavior’: An announcement by the state antimonopoly agency confirmed that Microsoft was under scrutiny, and said that officials had conducted surprise visits to company offices across China."	
371	MSFT	"China Harasses U.S. Tech Companies: Nobody quite knows why, but Beijing has launched apparent antitrust investigations against Microsoft and others."	
372	MSFT	Microsoft Sues Samsung Over Android Royalty Payments: The lawsuit claimed that Samsung failed to follow the terms of a 2011 patent licensing deal between the two companies.	
373	MSFT	China Tells Microsoft Not to Interfere With Inquiry: A government agency investigating complaints against the company issued a statement “officially warning” the firm to obey Chinese law.	
384	MSFT	"Steve Ballmer Quits Microsoft Board, Citing His Outside Duties: The tech company’s former chief executive said new responsibilities, including ownership of the Los Angeles Clippers, have made him too busy to serve."	
385	MSFT	"Daily Report: Steve Ballmer Resigns From Board of Microsoft: The tech company’s former chief executive said new responsibilities, including ownership of the Los Angeles Clippers, have made him too busy to serve."	
395	MSFT	Opposition Grows in Europe to Google Antitrust Proposal: Microsoft and two trade groups for German publishers said the plan to reduce Google’s dominance of the search market was inadequate.	
399	MSFT	Minecraft Is Expected to Be Acquired by Microsoft: Acquiring the game would give Microsoft control of an online world that has defied many modern conventions to become a blockbuster success.	Intel Shares More of Its Extreme Makeover: Apple wasn’t the only big tech outfit with something to talk about on Tuesday. Intel met with developers to discuss how it is changing from a chip-centric company to one with a variety of products and services.
400	MSFT	"Microsoft Sees More Than Fun in a Game Like Minecraft: Microsoft’s acquisition of Minecraft would be an acknowledgment that gaming is central to many people’s lives, serving as an engaging mode of entertainment or merely a time killer."	
402	MSFT	"Microsoft Says It Will Pay $2.5 Billion for Company That Created Minecraft: Adding the world-building computer game could help bolster Microsoft’s Windows series of devices, including phones and tablets."	
407	MSFT	"Hurd: Oracle Takes On Microsoft in the Cloud: The opening keynote at Oracle’s annual conference will be about its“unique opportunity to be the leader of the next generation of cloud,” according to Mark Hurd, the new co-chief."	
408	MSFT	"With Talko App, Ray Ozzie Creates a Permanent Voice: Ray Ozzie, onetime chief software architect at Microsoft, has a way to make phone conversations as permanent and searchable as other Internet communication."	
412	MSFT	"Microsoft Begins a Push Into the Polling World: The company, having done polls through video games in 2012, plans to have its automated digital assistant survey people through their mobile phones."	
413	MSFT	"Microsoft Windows 10 Displays a Familiar Look: Microsoft believes the next version of its operating system is such a big change that it is calling the software Windows 10, skipping the more logical product name, Windows 9."	"Questions About Clippers Remain After Sale to Steve Ballmer: As the Clippers prepare for their first season since Ballmer bought the team, the Donald Sterling scandal is behind them, but they still need to prove they can make a title run."
418	MSFT	Microsoft and Other Firms Pledge to Protect Student Data: The participating companies are publicly committing themselves not to sell information on kindergartners through 12th graders.	
420	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Nadella Sets Off a Furor on Women’s Pay: Satya Nadella, the chief executive of Microsoft, implied during a speech on Thursday that women should not ask for pay raises, a statement that quickly put him in the hot seat."	"Decline in PC Sales Starts to Slow; Largest Makers See Growth: Analysts say that the PC business is shrinking less slowly than in the last couple of years. It may even be poised for a period of moderate growth, at least for the large companies. Smaller ones may be in trouble."
421	MSFT	Why Microsoft’s Nadella Is Wrong About Women and Raises: One reason women are paid less than men is that they are less likely to negotiate for raises or promotions.	
423	MSFT	"Daily Report: Russian Hackers Exploit Flaw in Microsoft Windows to Spy on Governments: Russian hackers used a bug in Microsoft Windows to spy on several Western governments, NATO and the Ukrainian government, according to a computer security firm."	"Hiding History in Firefox: Plus, how to make the move from the iPhoto app in iOS 8."
424	MSFT	"Microsoft Wins a Spot on the N.F.L. Sideline: Surface tablet computers, custom-made for in-game use, demonstrate the evolving relationships between leagues and sponsors."	"Poodle Bug Marks Third Major Security Flaw Discovered This Year: On Tuesday, researchers disclosed details of a security bug that could make web browsing sessions on a public network vulnerable to hackers."
428	MSFT	"For Microsoft, Cloud Business Looks More Promising Than Mobile: Despite being a laggard in cloud computing, Microsoft has established real credibility, and now runs twice as many data centers as Amazon and six times as many as Google."	
429	MSFT	"Coming of Age in Cloud Computing: Cloud computing, particularly in the big rental businesses of Microsoft and Amazon, has been criticized as undependable and tough to manage. A number of recent announcements suggest that some companies are trying to address the issue."	
430	MSFT	"Microsoft Offers Tantalizing Signs of Progress: The software company’s acquisition of Nokia helped it beat estimates, but integration costs reduced profit."	
434	MSFT	"Former Washington State Attorney General Appeals to His Former Office: Rob McKenna and his chief deputy, Brian Moran, were almost immediately back in touch with their old office on behalf of such major clients as T-Mobile and Microsoft."	"Google Executive Sets Record for Free Fall: Reporter’s Notebook: John Markoff, who was there when the Google executive Alan Eustace set the world record for a balloon jump, tells the story behind the story."
435	MSFT	Microsoft Jumps Into the Growing Market for Wearable Fitness Technology: Microsoft is joining the companies who see wearables as a way into the wellness business without all the red tape that comes from being a true medical company.	"Sleek, Chic and Agile, the Netbook Comes of Age: Netbook computers, virtually a novelty alternative to notebook PCs only a year ago, are the rising stars of the computer industry."
440	MSFT	"Daily Report: Microsoft Offering Free Mobile Version of Office: The free software for iPads, iPhones and Android tablets will do most of the most essential tasks done with the computer versions of the product, whose applications include Word, Excel and PowerPoint."	
442	MSFT	"Microsoft Hopes This Video Game Collection Wings Its Way to Success: A campaign that rivals the promotion of a major movie is underway for Halo: The Master Chief Collection, a set of four Xbox video games."	"Assessing Space on a Computer’s Hard Drive: Plus, comparing HDTV with ultrahigh-definition."
447	MSFT	"Microsoft Billionaire Reboots Seattle Movie Temple: What do you do when you are a billionaire and a movie buff? If you are Paul G. Allen, you turn the iconic theater you already own into a state-of-the-art theater."	
448	MSFT	"With New Tablet, Nokia Returns to Devices: The N1, with a 7.9 inch display and run on Google’s Android operating system, will pit the Finnish company against its longtime ally Microsoft."	
456	MSFT	"Microsoft Buys Acompli, an Email Start-Up: Microsoft said it acquired Acompli, a young start-up that makes an email application for iOS and Android mobile devices, for about $200 million."	
457	MSFT	"How to Restore Old Versions of Word Documents: Most Windows and Mac editions of Microsoft Word have a setting that automatically backs up documents. Also, how to export your Gmail contacts."	
459	MSFT	"How the Promise of Microsoft’s Investment in Nook Soured: Two years after Microsoft invested $300 million in the Barnes & Noble e-reading business, the value of the Nook has declined by more than half."	
465	MSFT	Ford Trades Microsoft for BlackBerry in Revamping In-Car System : The new system is meant to streamline the complex web of menus and replace it with a more intuitive one akin to a smartphone.	
466	MSFT	"Tech and Media Companies Back Microsoft in Privacy Case: A broad array of organizations in technology, media and other fields — including Apple, Amazon, National Public Radio and Fox News — rallied behind Microsoft’s effort to block American authorities from seizing a customer’s emails stored in Ireland..."	
473	MSFT	"Sony Streams ‘The Interview’ on YouTube, Google Play and Xbox: In getting behind “The Interview,” Google and Microsoft joined what had become more a campaign to defend free speech against foreign intimidation than a business initiative."	
474	MSFT	"Sony PlayStation and Microsoft Xbox Live Networks Attacked by Hackers: Over the Christmas holiday, the gaming servers for Microsoft’s Xbox and Sony’s PlayStation 4 were offline, rendering the devices partly unusable."	
479	MSFT	"PlayStation 4 Faces Resurgent Rivals in Xbox One and Wii U: Sales of Microsoft’s Xbox One and Nintendo’s Wii U are improving, eroding what was once a strong lead for Sony’s PlayStation 4."	
489	MSFT	"How Xbox Could Help Microsoft and Windows 10: If Microsoft can deliver on its vision of universal apps that run across different devices, games could be one of the most intriguing tests of its plan."	
490	MSFT	"At Windows 10 Event, Microsoft Jumps Into Augmented Reality With HoloLens Headset: The HoloLens could help renew some of the luster Microsoft has lost in the last decade, when it reacted late to critical new technology trends."	
491	MSFT	"Microsoft HoloLens: A Sensational Vision of the PC’s Future: The device, which looks like ski goggles, superimposes holograms on reality and could have uses in communication, design, games, science and more."	
493	MSFT	"Price Cuts for Crucial Microsoft Products Eroded Holiday-Season Profit : The company said the weak personal computer market hurt its Windows business, as second-quarter net income dropped to $5.86 billion from $6.56 billion a year ago."	
496	MSFT	"Microsoft Brings Outlook to iPhone, Other Mobile Devices: Outlook, Microsoft’s workhorse email application, has finally arrived on mobile devices, including iPhones and iPads."	"Video Feature: Signs That Virtual Reality Is on the Verge of Taking Off: Major technology and media companies are investing heavily in virtual reality, a signal that the experience may soon be ready for mass consumption."
497	MSFT	"Daily Report: How Apple Surpassed Microsoft: With the latest earnings reports from Microsoft and Apple, the once-unthinkable became reality: Apple’s market capitalization hit $683 billion, more than double Microsoft’s $338 billion."	
503	MSFT	"Cómo, y por qué, Apple superó a Microsoft: A algunos inversionistas les preocupa que Apple pueda volverse prisionero de su propio éxito."	"La realidad virtual al borde de despegar: Compañías como Samsung, estudios cinematográficos y empresas de Silicon Valley están compitiendo para crear nuevos tipos de experiencia de vídeo para realidad virtual."
504	MSFT	"Microsoft and Samsung End Legal Dispute: Almost six months after Microsoft sued Samsung, accusing it of violating the terms of a patent licensing agreement, the two companies on Monday said they had settled their feud."	
505	MSFT	"Microsoft Continues Mobile Push With Sunrise Acquisition: The company has acquired Sunrise Atelier, maker of the popular Sunrise calendar app for iOS, Android and Mac. The companies are not disclosing the sale price."	"Importing Images to iPhoto: Tips on how to transfer photographs into iPhoto on your Mac, and advice for connecting to a virtual private network from a mobile device."
507	MSFT	"Deleting Files From Microsoft’s OneDrive: Tips on how to remove a file or folder from Microsoft’s cloud-storage service, and advice on how to confirm that your computer’s firewall is turned on."	
509	MSFT	"Microsoft Has Suddenly Gotten Serious With Mobile: There’s a new strategy afoot at the company, which has brought apps and services to the Apple and Android devices people actually use, rather than ones that run Windows."	
510	MSFT	"Daily Report: Microsoft Zeroes In on Mobile: There’s a new strategy afoot at the company, which has brought apps and services to the Apple and Android devices people actually use, rather than ones that run Windows."	
512	MSFT	"Con nuevas aplicaciones como Outlook, Microsoft se enseria con la tecnología móvil: Microsoft ha estado ocupando cada vez más espacio en mi iPhone con versiones móviles de sus aplicaciones Office, así como OneDrive, su nuevo servicio de almacenamiento en la nube."	
513	MSFT	"Filing Away Gmail Messages: Tips on how to archive Gmail messages to tidy up your inbox, and solutions for when your laptop battery begins to fade."	
519	MSFT	"In Chase of Apple, Smartphone Makers Shift Strategies: With its vast share of the industry’s profits, Apple was the target at the Mobile World Congress, where Samsung and Microsoft are trying to position their products as business tools."	"Researchers Report Milestone in Developing Quantum Computer: A team of University of California, Santa Barbara, and Google scientists reported that they had created an error-correction system that stabilizes qubits, the unstable basic element of quantum computing."
529	MSFT	"Microsoft Backs Further Away From Selling Software: Microsoft’s move to make Windows 10 upgrades free in China echoes a shift at the company and the software industry’s around the world. The days of charging customers for an operating system are slowly coming to an end, piece by piece."	
532	MSFT	"Microsoft Partners With Android Makers in Its Latest Mobile Push: Microsoft is serious about making its most lucrative business, Office, relevant for mobile users. What is less clear is how much money it will be able to make from them."	
535	MSFT	"From Microsoft, a Novel Way to Mandate Sick Leave: The company announced that many of its 2,000 contractors and vendors would have to give employees 15 paid days off for sick leave and vacation time."	
544	MSFT	"Amazon to Sell Predictions in Cloud Race Against Google and Microsoft: Amazon Web Services, the world’s biggest cloud company, is now selling cheap data analysis and prediction. It’s likely to get baked into all kinds of applications, bringing pain to the old guard."	
548	MSFT	"Microsoft, Once an Antitrust Target, Is Now Google’s Regulatory Scold   : The European Union is accusing Google of abusing its dominance, and Microsoft has links with the three initial complainants that sparked the antitrust investigation."	"Google Joins Its U.S. Peers Under Europe’s Scrutiny: American technology companies are no strangers to antitrust challenges by European regulators, but the cost has tended to be measured in money and time, not business practices."
549	MSFT	"With Eye on Mobile, Yahoo Revises Its Search Partnership With Microsoft: Under the new agreement, Yahoo will be allowed to deliver its own search results and ads for up to half the searches made by visitors to its sites and apps."	"Daily Report: Joining American Peers, Google Gets Caught in Europe’s Cross Hairs: American technology companies are no strangers to antitrust challenges by European regulators, but the cost has tended to be measured in money and time, not business practices."
553	MSFT	"Working With Old Office Files on a New Mac OS: Even with an upgrade, there are several ways to work with Microsoft Office files. Also, backing up data on an Amazon Fire tablet."	
554	MSFT	"Microsoft Profits Slip Less Than Projected, With Revenue Up 6%: No one was expecting big things from Microsoft in its most recent quarter, but its results ended up being far less grim than the worst case scenarios predicted for the company."	Remotely Controlling the DVR: Tips for Time Warner Cable customers who want to use their iPhones to manage DVR recordings.
558	MSFT	Microsoft Takes Steps to Close Its App Gap on Mobile Devices: Microsoft has steadily lost influence in the technology industry as software developers gravitated to mobile technologies like Google’s Android and Apple’s iOS.	
559	MSFT	"Microsoft (Yes, Microsoft) Has a Far-Out Vision : The reshaped Microsoft that Satya Nadella, the new chief executive, envisions has fewer internal fiefs and is more willing to favor big bets on new technologies over protecting legacy cash cows."	Morning Agenda: Salesforce Said to be Preparing for Takeover Offers: Salesforce Said to be Preparing for Takeover Offers | Goldman Sachs Backs Bitcoin Company | Programmer’s Trial Resumes After 2 Jurors Removed | Secret Shutting Down
563	MSFT	"Would Salesforce Make Sense for Microsoft?: Buying the cloud-based customer-service software could make businesses less likely to ditch Office. It might, however, cost Microsoft some $60 billion."	
580	MSFT	"Microsoft Sets Date for Windows 10: Microsoft has finally said when Windows 10, one of its biggest products in years, will be available: July 29."	
582	MSFT	"Changing the Look of Excel: Microsoft Excel provides for changes in the typeface, point size and other characteristics of files that a user creates."	
587	MSFT	"Daily Report: Microsoft’s Surface Touch Screen Is Rare Bright Spot for U.S. Manufacturing: The Surface Hub, which costs up to $20,000, will be made in Wilsonville, Ore., joining a small group of tech products that are made in America."	"Shop Locally, Download Globally: Some independent booksellers gain a portion of e-book sales through partnerships with bigger e-bookstores like Kobo and Amazon Source."
590	MSFT	"Xbox One to Get ‘Backward Compatibility,’ Microsoft Says at E3: Executives said that people who own the Xbox One will be able to play many games originally created for the previous console, the Xbox 360."	
591	MSFT	"Google Is Its Own Secret Weapon in the Cloud: Google is becoming more public about its data centers, talking about its network and how much fiber it owns. The idea is to show off assets that Amazon, Microsoft and IBM cannot match in the competition for cloud customers."	
592	MSFT	How to Get Windows 10: Microsoft is allowing those currently running Windows 7 or 8.1 to “reserve” a copy of its newest operating system more than a month before it’s released.	
593	MSFT	"University of Washington and Chinese University Unite to Form Technology Institute : With $40 million from Microsoft, the Global Innovation Exchange will open in fall 2016, and offer a master’s degree in technology innovation."	
600	MSFT	Uber to Acquire Mapping Technology and Know-How From Microsoft: The ride-hailing company further bolsters its mapping technology and engineering bench.	
601	MSFT	"Daily Report: AOL to Take Over Display Advertising for Microsoft: When the deal for Verizon to buy AOL was announced last month, executives from both companies said AOL was an appealing acquisition because of its advertising technology. On Monday, AOL showed some of that value in announcing a deal with Microsoft"	
606	MSFT	Microsoft’s Write-Down on Nokia Adds to String of Merger Missteps: Microsoft’s attempts to move beyond its core strength in business software through acquisitions has cost it about $14 billion in write-downs over the last three years.	"Free and Cheap Photoshop Alternatives for Windows: Adobe Revel is one alternative to Adobe Photoshop Starter Album for Windows, which was discontinued in 2009."
609	MSFT	Microsoft Strikes New Tone for Windows 10 Release: It’s clear the introduction of Windows 10 is going to be more low key than it was for Windows 95.	
614	MSFT	Windows 10 Signifies Microsoft’s Shift in Strategy: Pressure from competitors has compelled the company to make the upgrade free and to find new ways to profit from some of its big moneymakers.	
615	MSFT	A $7 Billion Charge at Microsoft Leads to Its Largest Loss Ever: A $7.5 billion accounting charge for the company’s acquisition of Nokia was a drag on the software maker’s fourth-quarter.	
622	MSFT	"In Microsoft’s Nokia Debacle, a View of an Industry’s Feet of Clay: The technology business is especially vulnerable to rapid, unforeseen transformation, sometimes leading to the mass extinction of giant companies."	"Addicted to Your Smartphone? The Company That Made It Would Like You to Think So.: Brian X. Chen, The Times’s consumer technology expert, explains why smartphone companies are so interested in what their products are doing to us."
623	MSFT	"Microsoft Said to Invest Big Sum in Uber: Microsoft has agreed to contribute a substantial amount of the financing in a recent round, which totals about $1 billion, people with knowledge of the matter said."	Chatting With Xiaoice: The Xiaoice chatbot has attracted millions of loyal users in China.
624	MSFT	Morning Agenda: Health Care Deals Raise Doubts for Consumers: Jerome Kohlberg Jr. Dies at Age 90 | Chief of Bankrupt Bitcoin Exchange Arrested | Microsoft’s Uber Investment	
625	MSFT	"With Halo 5: Guardians, Microsoft Seeks to Lure E-Sports Players Back: Microsoft is offering $1 million in prize money to competitive gamers, a crucial leg in the multimillion-dollar marketing push for the video game."	
626	MSFT	"Following Netflix, Microsoft Sweetens Parental Leave Benefits: Microsoft’s changes to its policy came a day after Netflix, the online video service, said it would allow new mothers and fathers who are employees to take as much paid time off as they need during the first year after the birth or adoption of a c..."	"Daily Report: E-Sports Continues to Reshape Gaming Landscape: The marketing push with Halo 5 is a reminder that we’ve entered a brave new world, one in which, when the first Halo arrived 14 years ago, was barely a figment of our imagination."
627	MSFT	"Salesforce Ventures and Microsoft Join Informatica Buyout: The two companies, partners of the enterprise software maker, will take ownership stakes in the biggest leveraged buyout of the year."	
641	MSFT	"The Appeal of Free: 75 Million Users Download Windows 10 in First Month: The early audience-building of both users and developers is crucial for Microsoft, and the early results look encouraging."	Facebook Tests a Digital Assistant for Its Messaging App: Facebook is wading into the increasingly crowded field of digital personal assistants with a new offering called M.
643	MSFT	"Protecting Your Mac From Malware and Viruses: How to see if a Mac has been infected and what to do about it; plus, changing uppercase to lowercase, and vice versa, in Microsoft Word."	
649	MSFT	"Dell Agrees to Sell Microsoft’s Surface Tablet: The usual deal is a bit like Niketown agreeing to sell Adidas sneakers. “This is unique,” Kirk Schell, vice president of Dell Commercial Client Solutions, said in an interview. “We don’t do this with anybody.”"	
655	MSFT	"How to Talk to Microsoft’s Cortana: If your computer did not come with a microphone, you can command Microsoft’s virtual assistant with an external or headset microphone."	
658	MSFT	Skype Service Problems for Some Users Worldwide: Microsoft’s Internet calling unit did not specify how many of its roughly 300 million global users were affected.	
659	MSFT	"Microsoft Releases Office 2016, With Features Focused on Teamwork: Office 2016 has numerous changes, with the most prominent ones designed to improve how the software is used by groups of people to collaborate."	
661	MSFT	"Xi Jinping Hears Tough Complaints of American Business: Mr. Xi, at Microsoft headquarters, heard criticism of his government’s laws and practices that discriminate against American corporate operations in China."	
662	MSFT	"Changing the Search Engine in Microsoft Edge  : How to change the setting in Microsoft Edge, the default browser for Windows 10."	
665	MSFT	"Microsoft and Google Call an End to Patent Battles: Peace has broken out between Google and Microsoft, which agreed to dismiss all of their pending patent lawsuits against each other."	Easing Screen-Based Eyestrain: Find out how to change the background color of your Word documents.
669	MSFT	"The Hardware Side of Microsoft Unveils a Pile of New Devices: Microsoft, which once had little interest in hardware, introduced on Tuesday a laptop, a tablet computer, smartphones and a wearable fitness band."	
670	MSFT	"Daily Report: Microsoft Turns On the Hardware Charm: New hardware, including the $1,500 Surface Book, shows Microsoft is serious about adjusting to competition from the likes of Apple and Google."	
672	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Mission to Reignite PC Sector May Be Taking Hold: As sales of personal computers continue to slump, PC makers are having to innovate, and, in many ways, Microsoft is leading the way — even lending to the industry’s budding optimism."	
678	MSFT	"Daily Report: Tech Tussles Take Center Stage in Earnings: Tech earnings season is going into full swing, with companies including Yahoo, IBM, Google and Microsoft set to report quarterly results this week. Their financial data may offer insight into which companies are gaining the upper hand in some tech..."	
680	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Rule-Breaking Vision of a Future With Countless Devices: Microsoft is embracing a fragmented view of the future, in which no single device, or even single category of devices, reigns supreme. The plan is rife with risk — but that doesn’t mean it can’t work."	
681	MSFT	"Daily Report: A Trio of Earnings From Tech Behemoths: Three technology titans — Amazon, Google and Microsoft — will be reporting their quarterly financial results on Thursday."	
682	MSFT	"The Cloud Is Here, Separating Disrupters From Disrupted: After Amazon, Microsoft and Google reported earnings on Thursday, their market capitalizations soared, partly on the growth of cloud computing."	
683	MSFT	Microsoft Goes Upscale With Fifth Avenue Flagship Store: The company makes an expensive gamble on a retail strategy that is still a long way from paying off.	
687	MSFT	"U.S. Tech Giants May Blur National Security Boundaries in China Deals: A growing number of companies like IBM, Cisco Systems and Microsoft have partnerships with Chinese companies with ties to the military, and experts are questioning those links."	"More Than One Way to Fix Firefox: If Firefox is not set to automatically upgrade itself to the latest edition, update the browser to the most recent version."
695	MSFT	"Weighing Benefits of Windows 10 Upgrade: A look at how the new features in Microsoft’s latest operating system compare with version 8.1, and what to do if you’re getting text messages on your iPad but not your iPhone."	
699	MSFT	"Microsoft Sheds Reputation as an Easy Mark for Hackers: As episodes of online hacking have become even more startling, the company has been evolving to confront security threats and improve how information is shared."	
702	MSFT	A Reality Check for Microsoft’s HoloLens: A new demonstration of the HoloLens device suggested that augmented reality has a way to go before the technology is ready for the masses.	
705	MSFT	"Updating Windows 10: As part of its switch to Windows 10 as a “service” that automatically updates itself, Microsoft has pushed out its Windows 10 November Update."	
713	MSFT	How to See What Windows 10 Just Installed: Microsoft gives you a way to see what Windows Update has downloaded and installed on your PC.	Qualcomm Is Accused of Violating Antitrust Rules in Europe: The authorities said the chip maker had abused its dominant market position in the region by offering financial incentives to smartphone and tablet manufacturers.
727	MSFT	Former Xbox Chief Robbie Bach on Console Battles: The former Microsoft executive explains why Microsoft appears to have fallen behind Sony in the game console market.	
729	MSFT	"Microsoft to Notify Users of Government Hackings: The company joins Google, Facebook and others in disclosing when users of email and other services have probably been targeted by hackers working on behalf of governments."	
730	MSFT	Bill Gates on Books and Blogging: A Q. and A. with a notable book blogger (and Microsoft co-founder).	
731	MSFT	"Microsoft Faces New Scrutiny in China: The company’s problems in the country began in 2014, when it ended support for Windows XP, hoping users would upgrade to more recent operating systems."	
732	MSFT	"Setting Up Tabs to Open Automatically in Microsoft Edge: Have the websites you want to see first loaded, each in its own tab, when you fire up Microsoft’s newest browser."	Morning Agenda: Bank Rule Distorting Performance Is Repealed: Centerview Benefits From Wall Street Pivot | Valeant Said to Be Planning to Appoint New Chief
739	MSFT	"Fund Managers Win With Tech Stalwarts and Burly Brand Names: Investments in well-known tech giants like Amazon, Microsoft and Google fueled three top-performing funds in the fourth quarter."	
740	MSFT	Microsoft Acquires Minecraft App for Schools: Microsoft hopes the classroom version of the popular video game will help it achieve broader company objectives in education.	
741	MSFT	"Tech’s ‘Frightful 5’ Will Dominate Digital Life for Foreseeable Future: By just about every metric, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft are getting larger, more entrenched in their own sectors, more powerful in new sectors and better protected from competition."	
746	MSFT	"Siri, Alexa and Other Virtual Assistants Put to the Test: Virtual assistants from tech behemoths including Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Google are graded on their abilities to actually be of assistance."	"Protecting Personal Information From Virtual Assistants: In order to be of use, assistants like Cortana and Siri need to know a lot about you. Reading the companies’ privacy statements can give you an idea of how much."
747	MSFT	"Microsoft Profit and Revenue Fall, but Cloud Computing Grows: Quarterly results underscored Microsoft’s good and bad trends as software floundered while the cloud business continued to grow."	
748	MSFT	"Replacing Windows Media Center: Microsoft has retired the Windows Media Center software, but other programs can manage your music, movies and photos in Windows 10."	
761	MSFT	"Windows 10 Upgrade Options for Vista Users: Moving on up from Microsoft’s 10-year-old operating system is not impossible, but it takes time, money and patience."	Apple Letter on iPhone Security Draws Muted Tech Industry Response: A complicated set of factors influences the reactions of technology companies to government demands to unlock a path to customer data.
764	MSFT	"Bill Gates Weighs In on Apple’s Clash With the F.B.I.: The Microsoft co-founder said that stopping terrorism is in the public interest, but that government needs must be balanced with privacy safeguards."	"Bill Gates, the ‘Impatient Optimist,’ Lays Out his Clean-Energy Innovation Agenda: Bill Gates discusses the investment and research efforts he’s pursuing to energize societies without overheating the climate."
765	MSFT	"What Microsoft’s Xamarin Purchase Says About the Cloud Computing Fight: As it competes with Amazon and Google, the Windows maker is trying to make it easy for customers to migrate their technology to mobile and the cloud."	"Watching DVD Movies on Windows 10: Windows 10 does not come with a program to play DVD movies, but you can find free software online to do the job."
769	MSFT	Keeping Track of Windows Updates: You can see what software and security patches Microsoft has pushed out to your PC by looking in the Windows Update history.	
773	MSFT	"Microsoft Opens Its Corporate Data Software to Linux: For the first time, Microsoft is enabling SQL Server, its software for managing business data, to run on a competing operating system."	"Tech Giants Battle for Top Cloud Talent: Industry titans like Amazon and Oracle are duking it out for cloud engineers, taking swipes at the competition and attracting workers with salaries as high as $1 million."
786	MSFT	"Microsoft Created a Twitter Bot to Learn From Users. It Quickly Became a Racist Jerk.: The bot, @TayandYou, was put on hiatus after making offensive statements based on users’ feedback, like disputing the existence of the Holocaust."	Finding Photo Programs That Recognize Faces: Those moving on from Google’s Picasa software can find plenty of other photo-management programs that support face-tagging.
789	MSFT	"Microsoft Trumpets Windows 10, and Pushes Into Sci-Fi Tech: The new operating system has had the fastest adoption rate of any Windows version, and the company revealed plans for artificial intelligence and augmented reality projects."	
797	MSFT	"Marking Up Web Pages in Windows 10: Microsoft’s Edge browser comes with a tool that lets you scribble, highlight and make other notations on your personal copy of an open web page."	
800	MSFT	Microsoft Sues Justice Department to Protest Electronic Gag Order Statute: The company is challenging the use of secrecy orders that prevent it from telling people when the government obtains a warrant to read their emails.	The Minecraft Generation: How a clunky Swedish computer game is teaching millions of children to master the digital world.
801	MSFT	Microsoft Goes on Offensive Against Justice Department: The software giant argues in a lawsuit that law enforcement is too aggressive in seeking gag orders on its information requests.	
804	MSFT	"Watching the Clock on That Windows 10 Deal: Microsoft’s free offer for Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 users expires in July, but the company has not announced what will happen next."	
805	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Cloud Business Falls Short of Investors’ Hopes: Both revenue and earnings were short of analysts’ forecasts, and the company’s shares fell after hours."	"What Chatbots Reveal About Our Own Shortcomings: Silicon Valley has fallen in love with A.I. assistants, but so far they’re hardly impressive. Is it the industry’s fault, or is it ours?"
806	MSFT	"Microsoft and Google Agree to Drop Mutual Complaints: In withdrawing complaints with authorities worldwide, the companies said they would try to resolve future disputes before protesting to regulators."	"The No-Good Week in Tech’s (Hopeful) Trip to a Bright Future: A deeper reading of recent earnings reports shows an industry in transition, and perhaps getting ready to get even bigger."
811	MSFT	"Microsoft Will Not Donate Money to Republicans’ Convention: The tech giant will not provide cash donations to the Republican convention this summer, the company announced in a blog post on Friday."	
814	MSFT	"Restoring Windows Photo Viewer in Windows 10: Microsoft’s older program for displaying images has been replaced with the new Photos app, but you have alternatives."	
821	MSFT	"What to Do if Windows 10 Eats Your Files: Microsoft’s update to Windows 10 has had complications for some people, but you can prepare for a few of the unexpected side effects."	"Brooklyn Judge Will Not Force Facebook’s Silence on Subpoenas: Prosecutors wanted to keep Facebook from telling users about 15 subpoenas of their data. But a judge refused, saying the need for them was not specific enough."
824	MSFT	"Nokia Phones May Find Life After Microsoft: Foxconn, the Taiwanese technology giant, and HMD Global, a Finnish company, have signed a licensing agreement to revive the brand."	"Why Windows 10 Upgrades Go Wrong, and How to Avoid It: A majority of Windows users are still avoiding the move to Windows 10 because of upgrade headaches, but there are ways around them."
828	MSFT	"Locating a Lost Windows Device: Like Apple and Google have done for their own gadgets, Microsoft has a way for users to track down missing Windows 10 hardware."	
829	MSFT	"Microsoft Cutting 1,850 Jobs in Smartphone Unit: As sales dwindle, most of the reduction will come in Finland, where the mobile business bought from Nokia originated."	Morning Agenda: Hewlett-Packard Spinoff Prepares to Split Again: Monsanto Refuses Bayer’s Offer | E.U. Extends Another Lifeline to Greece
831	MSFT	Fixing Microsoft Office for Mac Update Errors: Some OS X versions of the popular business suite need a little extra help to be updated properly.	
837	MSFT	"Microsoft Finds Cancer Clues in Search Queries: Analyzing queries on Bing, researchers found warning signs of symptoms of pancreatic cancer before the disease was diagnosed."	
841	MSFT	"Microsoft Buys LinkedIn for $26.2 Billion, Reasserting Its Muscle: The companies said that Microsoft would pay $196 a share to acquire LinkedIn, the business social network site."	"A LinkedIn Timeline: While LinkedIn had rapid growth and rising stock values in the past, more recently it has faced a hacking attack and declines in its share price."
842	MSFT	"One Unspoken Reason Behind the Microsoft-LinkedIn Deal: LinkedIn’s struggling stock price, and its reliance on stock-based compensation may be a factor in its sale to Microsoft."	Morning Agenda: The Unspoken Reason Behind the LinkedIn Sale: Supreme Court Rejects Puerto Rico Law in Debt Restructuring Case | Libyan Fund Claims Goldman Sachs Exploited Its Financial Naïveté
844	MSFT	"Unhitching the PC From OneDrive: Microsoft’s online file-storage service is there to copy your files to the cloud, but you can decline the offer."	
845	MSFT	"Microsoft Makes a Marijuana Play: If a Fortune 500 company enters the pot business, especially in helping the authorities tax the stuff, can more legalization be far away?"	
850	MSFT	Sharing Screens Between PCs Running Different Versions of Windows: Microsoft’s Remote Assistance function works through Windows so friends and family can provide technical support over the internet.	
855	MSFT	What to Try When the Start Menu Just Won’t Start: Microsoft and other sites and companies have troubleshooting steps to take if you click the Windows 10 Start button and nothing happens.	
858	MSFT	"Kevin Turner, Microsoft Executive, to Join Citadel Securities: Mr. Turner, Microsoft’s chief operating officer, is the latest in a spate of technology executives to join a financial firm."	
863	MSFT	Microsoft Wins Appeal on Overseas Data Searches: The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed a ruling that Microsoft must turn over email stored in a data center in Dublin.	
865	MSFT	"Microsoft Case Shows the Limits of a Data Privacy Law: An appeals court decision dealt a blow to government efforts to obtain emails stored overseas, mainly because laws have not kept up with technology."	
867	MSFT	"Microsoft Earnings Are Up, Cushioned by Its Cloud Business: Quarterly revenue from Azure, the cloud business it introduced to compete with Amazon, rose more than 100 percent."	
870	MSFT	Google Races to Catch Up in Cloud Computing: Analysts say the global cloud-computing business will be worth $67 billion by 2020. Amazon and Microsoft are the current leaders in the industry.	
878	MSFT	"Finding Alternatives to Microsoft Excel: Many other programs and online software services can open, view and even edit spreadsheets created by Microsoft’s flagship business application."	
881	MSFT	"In Buying LinkedIn, Microsoft Might Pay Heed to Monster: Monster Worldwide, a former competitor of LinkedIn, has been sold to Randstad Holding of the Netherlands for a fraction of its former value."	
887	MSFT	"Converting Spreadsheets in Apple’s Numbers to Excel: Apple’s spreadsheet program can edit Microsoft Excel files, but you need to take an extra step to use those files in Excel again."	
905	MSFT	Move Your Address Book From Outlook to Google: You can use the export command in Microsoft Outlook to start transferring your contacts to a different mail program.	"Will Trump Release His Tax Returns? Billionaire Pledges Up to $5 Million for Veterans if So: Reid Hoffman, a co-founder of LinkedIn, pledged to match a crowdfunding campaign started by a former Marine who served in Afghanistan."
910	MSFT	"Get Sharper Text on Your Windows Screen: Microsoft’s ClearType technology has been making type easier to read for years, and you can adjust it to your liking."	
914	MSFT	"So Now You Want Windows 10 …: Microsoft ended its free upgrade offer for the operating system in July, but there are other ways to get the software."	"What It’s Like to Fight Online Hate: When the Anti-Defamation League hired Brittan Heller to work with tech companies against harassment, she was deluged with online attacks."
916	MSFT	"Protecting Humans and Jobs From Robots Is 5 Tech Giants’ Goal: The Partnership on AI unites Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft to ease public fears of machines that are learning to think for themselves."	
917	MSFT	"Salesforce Is Said to Question Microsoft-LinkedIn Deal in Europe: Salesforce, a San Francisco tech company, is said to have questioned whether Microsoft’s takeover of LinkedIn might hinder consumer choice and access to data."	
918	MSFT	"Daily Report: Trust Busters Destined to Dig into Data: European regulators look at Microsoft’s purchase of LinkedIn not for what it is, but for what may be. They are right to."	
919	MSFT	U.S. Tech Giants Are Investing Billions to Keep Data in Europe: Companies like Amazon and Microsoft are building data centers across the Continent in response to Europeans’ desires to keep their information close to home.	
930	MSFT	Bill Belichick Throws In the Tablet: The Patriots’ reticent coach goes on and on about how unhappy he is with the Microsoft Surface tablet.	
932	MSFT	"Microsoft Shares Hit a High With Promise of the Cloud’s Profit Margins: Microsoft said its gross profit margin from its commercial cloud business was 49 percent — lower than its traditional software business, but still attractive."	
933	MSFT	"Daily Report: Microsoft, Ahead in the Cloud: Investors liked what they saw in the software giant’s earnings. Wait until they see how many value-building charges the company can add to computing."	
936	MSFT	Microsoft Unveils Its First Desktop PC: The Surface Studio represents Microsoft’s growing presence in the hardware side of the industry that it once left entirely to its partners.	
941	MSFT	"Microsoft Puts Slack in Cross Hairs With New Office Chat App: The tech giant introduced Microsoft Teams, an addition to its Office 365 suite, which resembles Slack but adds features like threaded conversations and videoconferencing."	
947	MSFT	"Parallels Between Europe’s Antitrust Cases Against Google and Microsoft: In charges brought recently against Google and earlier against Microsoft, officials say that each company favored some of its services over those of rivals."	
954	MSFT	"Making Movies With Windows 10: Microsoft’s Windows Movie Maker app is headed for retirement next year, but an updated version is promised and other programs may fill the void."	
961	MSFT	"Reintroduce Yourself to Microsoft’s Cortana: If the Windows 10 virtual assistant software is calling you by the wrong name, or butchering its pronunciation, here’s how to fix it."	
964	MSFT	"Facebook and Other Tech Companies Seek to Curb Flow of Terrorist Content: Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft announced they have teamed up to fight the spread of such content online by sharing technology and information."	Europe Presses American Tech Companies to Tackle Hate Speech: A report published by European officials said that only 40 percent of online material flagged as offensive was reviewed within 24 hours.
966	MSFT	"With LinkedIn, Microsoft Looks to Avoid Past Acquisition Busts: The technology giant has not had a great track record with the companies it acquires. The hope is that it has learned from its mistakes."	
967	MSFT	Daily Report: What Microsoft Needs From LinkedIn: One sign of success in the $26 billion merger will be if few LinkedIn employees use their own product to find another job.	
989	MSFT	"A New Destination for Files Downloaded From Microsoft Edge: Microsoft’s Windows 10 browser puts files in the Downloads folder by default, but you can pick a new place to store those fresh-off-the-web items."	
999	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Profit Rises 4 Percent, as Cloud Business Booms: Microsoft reported a quarterly profit of $5.2 billion, or 66 cents a share, compared with $5.02 billion, or 62 cents a share, a year earlier."	
1001	MSFT	Give Windows 10 a Restart Schedule: The latest version of Microsoft’s operating system lets you set “active hours” to keep restarts from happening while you work.	
1005	MSFT	Why Windows 10 Wants to Automatically Restart: Microsoft intends to make sure the current version of Windows on your PC is always the newest version of its operating system.	"Tech Opposition to Trump Propelled by Employees, Not Executives: In a court filing, nearly 100 technology companies cited the “tremendous impact” of immigrants on the United States in opposing the Trump immigration ban."
1009	MSFT	"Sticking With Windows 7: Microsoft’s older operating system may not be the latest and greatest, but it’s officially supported for another few years."	
1014	MSFT	"What to Do When Windows Updates Fail: Microsoft’s service for keeping Windows current with the latest system patches can have problems, but troubleshooting might help those updates install."	
1019	MSFT	"Business Giants to Announce Creation of a Computing System Based on Ethereum: An alliance of about 30 companies, including Microsoft and JPMorgan Chase, has plans to standardize data gathering and tracking with software that is seen as harder to hack."	
1021	MSFT	"Editing Documents on Both a PC and a Mac: You may not get all the program’s features, but you do not need the full version of Microsoft Word to open, edit and save Word files on a Mac."	
1025	MSFT	How to Get Windows 10 to Run Older Programs: Microsoft’s current operating system comes with compatibility settings that may convince outdated applications to work on Windows 10.	
1049	MSFT	"Yes, Another Windows 10 Update Is Here: Microsoft is now rolling out the Windows 10 Creators Update, a new version of its flagship operating system."	
1062	MSFT	"Cloud Produces Sunny Earnings at Amazon, Microsoft and Alphabet: The impact on quarterly results announced Thursday was particularly acute at Amazon, far and away the leader in online computing services."	
1063	MSFT	"Daily Report: A Busy Week Ahead: Financial results will arrive for big tech companies, and Microsoft plans to make a big splash around its Windows software with an event on Tuesday."	
1064	MSFT	"Microsoft Looks to Regain Lost Ground in the Classroom: Google, with its low-cost and easily maintained Chromebooks, has steadily taken school customers away from Microsoft."	
1070	MSFT	"Tech’s Frightful Five: They’ve Got Us: Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook and Google dominate our day-to-day activities. Imagining being forced to give up some of them could lead to hard choices."	Which Tech Giant Would You Drop?: The Big Five tech companies increasingly dominate our lives. Could you ditch them?
1074	MSFT	"In Ransomware Attack, Where Does Microsoft’s Responsibility Lie?: For years, the company has tried to change the perception that its software was vulnerable to hackers. A global cyberattack renewed those issues."	"Use Your Phone as a Digital Magnifying Glass: Like other mobile platforms, Apple’s iOS 10 software includes a feature to make reading the fine print easier through your phone."
1104	MSFT	Screening Out Malware with Microsoft Edge: Windows 10 includes built-in protections for blocking several types of online threats to your computer.	"Ukraine Cyberattack Was Meant to Paralyze, not Profit, Evidence Shows: Pinpointing the initial targets of the assault — Ukrainian accountants who use a tax preparation software required by the government — was a major clue."
1107	MSFT	"After Ransomware Attack, Windows XP Is Not Back From the Dead: Microsoft recently issued an emergency patch for the operating system it retired in 2014, but the company has no plans to restore full support."	
1109	MSFT	"Microsoft to Cut Up to 4,000 Sales and Marketing Jobs: News of the cuts comes a week after the company described sweeping changes that will shift resources to selling cloud-computing services."	
1112	MSFT	"Daily Report: A Technology to Close the Digital Divide: Microsoft plans to use unused channels between television broadcasts for broadband service, which could help rural Americans connect to the internet."	
1120	MSFT	Microsoft Is Rewarded for Turning to the Cloud: Exhibit A for investors bullish on the company’s future helped profitability last quarter more than double from a year ago.	
1121	MSFT	"Microsoft Paint’s Days May Be Numbered: One of the first applications for Windows will no longer be actively developed, the company said, pushing the program closer to being discontinued."	
1123	MSFT	The Surprising New PC Innovator? Microsoft: A company known for its software and its failure to make good gadgets is making advances in personal computers. Consider the ingenuity of the Surface Studio big-screen desktop.	
1128	MSFT	"Gearing Up for Another Windows 10 Update: The fall season traditionally brings new fashion, movies and books, and Microsoft has fresh software on the way, too."	
1129	MSFT	Microsoft Shifts From Paying Outside Lawyers by the Hour: The move could help spur more companies to abandon the billable hour method of charging for legal services.	
1130	MSFT	"Taking Your AutoCorrect Entries With You: If you have Microsoft Word fixing text just the way you like it, you can take your personal correction collection with you to a different computer."	
1138	MSFT	Microsoft Teaches Autonomous Gliders to Make Decisions on the Fly: Microsoft is building gliders that adapt to surprises. The goal is to teach autonomous vehicles of all sorts to deal with uncertainty the way humans do.	
1148	MSFT	"‘Cortana, Open Alexa,’ Amazon Says. And Microsoft Agrees.: In an unusual partnership, Amazon and Microsoft are working together to extend the abilities of their voice-controlled digital assistants."	
1156	MSFT	"How to Pick Your Favorite Font for Word Files: If Microsoft’s choice in typefaces doesn’t align with your tastes, you can change your default font for new documents."	
1157	MSFT	"How to Keep on Top of Technology When You Write About It: Nick Wingfield, a New York Times technology reporter who writes about Amazon and Microsoft, discusses the tech he’s using."	
1159	MSFT	"Serving the Community, Working for Microsoft: A community development specialist employed by Microsoft tries to help people, especially children, while using the company’s products."	
1160	MSFT	"Outlook for Android, Plain and Simple: Microsoft’s mobile version of Outlook for the Android platform doesn’t offer text-formatting options, but it does manage your mailbox."	
1165	MSFT	"Engrave Your Own Stationery Template: Microsoft Word comes with many sample document templates, but you can also create your own custom letterhead."	
1167	MSFT	"Satya Nadella on Women in Tech, A.I. and E-Sports: During an interview with The New York Times at a TimesTalks event, Microsoft C.E.O. Satya Nadella said that women in the technology industry have “a lot of distance” to make up."	
1170	MSFT	"Move Your Mailbox to Another App: If you want a mobile mail program with more text-formatting capabilities than Microsoft’s Outlook for Android, you don’t have to look far."	
1172	MSFT	Keeping Your Reading List in Sync: Microsoft Edge can keep the web pages and e-books you’ve saved up to date on your other Windows 10 devices.	
1174	MSFT	"Microsoft’s Chief Wants You to Know He’s a Different Kind of Leader: Satya Nadella’s memoir, “Hit Refresh,” enters the hardcover nonfiction list at No. 5."	Change the Key That Unlocks Your Accounts: Apps used for two-step verification usually need to be reinstalled when you upgrade to a new smartphone.
1179	MSFT	"How to Get Cortana to Keep Track of Your Favorite Teams: Microsoft’s virtual assistant can round up all the news for your favorite sports teams, as long as you tell the software the ones you root for."	
1180	MSFT	"Justices to Decide on Forcing Technology Firms to Provide Data Held Abroad: The Supreme Court will decide whether prosecutors can force Microsoft to turn over emails held on a server in Ireland, and in another case, whether American Express violated antitrust laws."	
1185	MSFT	New Windows for the Fall Season: Microsoft’s second major Windows 10 update was released last week and may already be installed on your computer.	
1186	MSFT	"U.S. to Limit Use of Secrecy Orders That Microsoft Challenged: As a result of the change, Microsoft said it would drop a lawsuit it filed against the government last year."	
1187	MSFT	"Can Washington Stop Big Tech Companies? Don’t Bet on It: Why the government seems paralyzed in the face of the power and influence of companies like Apple, Google and Microsoft."	
1188	MSFT	"Scanning, Converting and Editing Text on the Go: Several apps can translate photographed type into text you can edit, but if you use Microsoft Word, the Office Lens app simplifies the process."	What Worries? Big Tech Companies Post Glowing Quarterly Profits: Some are heading to Washington to explain their role in the 2016 election. Others are facing regulatory scrutiny. Consumers don’t seem to care.
1191	MSFT	"How to Get Cortana’s Undivided Attention: Microsoft’s virtual assistant can answer to anybody who says its name, but you can train the program to take most of its orders from your voice."	
1192	MSFT	"The Upside of Being Ruled by the Five Tech Giants: What if it’s not that bad that so much economic, social and political power is held by Apple, Amazon, Google, Facebook and Microsoft?"	
1196	MSFT	"Microsoft Office Mobile Apps: Free or With a Fee: You can usually do basic editing with the free touch-screen versions of Microsoft’s Office apps, but you need to pay up to fully use the programs."	
1211	MSFT	"Microsoft to Expand Campus, as Amazon Looks Elsewhere: The software giant plans to invest billions of dollars in renovating its campus in Redmond, Wash., to create a more urban atmosphere."	
1220	MSFT	"Net Neutrality Protests Move Online, Yet Big Tech Is Quiet: While some technology companies used their websites to proclaim support for equal internet access, some of the giants, including Google and Microsoft, were lying low."	
1225	MSFT	Microsoft Moves to End Secrecy in Sexual Harassment Claims: Microsoft eliminated forced arbitration agreements with employees who make sexual harassment claims and is supporting a proposed federal law to ban such agreements.	
1247	MSFT	"‘She’s Not Laughing’: In Davos, Taking on Sexual Harassment: Leaders from Oxfam, Microsoft, the Ad Council and more discussed sexual harassment, gender power dynamics and styles of leadership at the World Economic Forum."	
1253	MSFT	"Microsoft Sales Lifted by Cloud Computing: The company’s shift to providing cloud services continues to pay off, as its revenue rose to $28.92 billion last quarter."	